IN
IN PERSON.
ATTENDANCE
ATTENDANCE AND
IN PERSON.
ATTENDANCE AND PUBLIC
ATTENDANCE AND PUBLIC COMMENT
FOR
FOR THIS
ATTENDANCE AND PUBLIC COMMENT
FOR THIS MEETING
FOR THIS MEETING WILL
ATTENDANCE AND PUBLIC COMMENT
FOR THIS MEETING WILL BE
FOR THIS MEETING WILL BE DONE
VIRTUALLY
VIRTUALLY THROUGH
FOR THIS MEETING WILL BE DONE
VIRTUALLY THROUGH ZOOM
VIRTUALLY THROUGH ZOOM AT
WWW.ZOOM.US
WWW.ZOOM.US TELEPHONICALLY
VIRTUALLY THROUGH ZOOM AT
WWW.ZOOM.US TELEPHONICALLY BY
DIALING
DIALING 213-215-
WWW.ZOOM.US TELEPHONICALLY BY
DIALING 213-215- 8782
DIALING 213-215- 8782 IN
ENTERING
ENTERING MEETING
DIALING 213-215- 8782 IN
ENTERING MEETING ID
846-985-3031.
THIS
THIS MEETING
846-985-3031.
THIS MEETING IS
THIS MEETING IS ALSO
846-985-3031.
THIS MEETING IS ALSO BEEN
BROADCAST
BROADCAST ON
THIS MEETING IS ALSO BEEN
BROADCAST ON TV
BROADCAST ON TV TACOMA
THIS MEETING IS ALSO BEEN
BROADCAST ON TV TACOMA AND
BROADCAST ON TV TACOMA AND LIVE
STREAMED.
WRITTEN
WRITTEN COMMENTS
STREAMED.
WRITTEN COMMENTS CAN
WRITTEN COMMENTS CAN BE
CEMENTED
CEMENTED TO
WRITTEN COMMENTS CAN BE
CEMENTED TO THE
CEMENTED TO THE BOARD
WRITTEN COMMENTS CAN BE
CEMENTED TO THE BOARD AT
UTILITY
UTILITY BOARD
CEMENTED TO THE BOARD AT
UTILITY BOARD THIS
UTILITY BOARD THIS MEETING
CEMENTED TO THE BOARD AT
UTILITY BOARD THIS MEETING IS
ALSO
ALSO BEEN
UTILITY BOARD THIS MEETING IS
ALSO BEEN BROADCAST
ALSO BEEN BROADCAST ON
UTILITY BOARD THIS MEETING IS
ALSO BEEN BROADCAST ON TV
TACOMA
TACOMA AND
ALSO BEEN BROADCAST ON TV
TACOMA AND LIVE
TACOMA AND LIVE STREAMED.
WRITTEN
WRITTEN COMMENTS
TACOMA AND LIVE STREAMED.
WRITTEN COMMENTS CAN
WRITTEN COMMENTS CAN BE
CEMENTED
CEMENTED TO
WRITTEN COMMENTS CAN BE
CEMENTED TO THE
CEMENTED TO THE BOARD
WRITTEN COMMENTS CAN BE
CEMENTED TO THE BOARD AT
UTILITY
UTILITY BOARD@CITYOFTACOMA.ORG
WILL
WILL BE
UTILITY BOARD@CITYOFTACOMA.ORG
WILL BE PROVIDED
WILL BE PROVIDED TO
UTILITY BOARD@CITYOFTACOMA.ORG
WILL BE PROVIDED TO THE
WILL BE PROVIDED TO THE BOARD
AND,
AND, CHAIR
WILL BE PROVIDED TO THE BOARD
AND, CHAIR PATTERSON,
AND, CHAIR PATTERSON, THE
WILL BE PROVIDED TO THE BOARD
AND, CHAIR PATTERSON, THE BOARD
HAS
HAS RECEIVED
AND, CHAIR PATTERSON, THE BOARD
HAS RECEIVED 3
HAS RECEIVED 3 WRITTEN
AND, CHAIR PATTERSON, THE BOARD
HAS RECEIVED 3 WRITTEN COMMENTS
FOR
FOR TONIGHT'S
FOR TONIGHT'S MEETING.
TO
TO REQUEST
FOR TONIGHT'S MEETING.
TO REQUEST TO
TO REQUEST TO SPEAK
FOR TONIGHT'S MEETING.
TO REQUEST TO SPEAK DURING
TO REQUEST TO SPEAK DURING THE
PUBLIC
PUBLIC COMMENT
TO REQUEST TO SPEAK DURING THE
PUBLIC COMMENT PERIOD,
PUBLIC COMMENT PERIOD, PLEASE
PRESS
PRESS THE
PUBLIC COMMENT PERIOD, PLEASE
PRESS THE RAISE
PRESS THE RAISE HAND
PUBLIC COMMENT PERIOD, PLEASE
PRESS THE RAISE HAND BUTTON
NEAR
NEAR THE
PRESS THE RAISE HAND BUTTON
NEAR THE BOTTOM
NEAR THE BOTTOM OF
PRESS THE RAISE HAND BUTTON
NEAR THE BOTTOM OF YOUR
NEAR THE BOTTOM OF YOUR ZOOM
WINDOW
WINDOW OR
NEAR THE BOTTOM OF YOUR ZOOM
WINDOW OR STAR
WINDOW OR STAR 9
NEAR THE BOTTOM OF YOUR ZOOM
WINDOW OR STAR 9 ON
WINDOW OR STAR 9 ON YOUR
NEAR THE BOTTOM OF YOUR ZOOM
WINDOW OR STAR 9 ON YOUR PHONE
AND
AND YOUR
WINDOW OR STAR 9 ON YOUR PHONE
AND YOUR NAME
AND YOUR NAME FOR
WINDOW OR STAR 9 ON YOUR PHONE
AND YOUR NAME FOR THE
AND YOUR NAME FOR THE LAST
WINDOW OR STAR 9 ON YOUR PHONE
AND YOUR NAME FOR THE LAST FEW
FOR
FOR DIGITS
AND YOUR NAME FOR THE LAST FEW
FOR DIGITS OF
FOR DIGITS OF YOUR
AND YOUR NAME FOR THE LAST FEW
FOR DIGITS OF YOUR PHONE
FOR DIGITS OF YOUR PHONE NUMBER
WILL
WILL BE
FOR DIGITS OF YOUR PHONE NUMBER
WILL BE CALLED
WILL BE CALLED OUT
FOR DIGITS OF YOUR PHONE NUMBER
WILL BE CALLED OUT AND
WILL BE CALLED OUT AND IT'S
YOUR
YOUR TURN
WILL BE CALLED OUT AND IT'S
YOUR TURN TO
YOUR TURN TO SPEAK
WILL BE CALLED OUT AND IT'S
YOUR TURN TO SPEAK AND
YOUR TURN TO SPEAK AND ALL
COMMONERS
COMMONERS WILL
YOUR TURN TO SPEAK AND ALL
COMMONERS WILL HAVE
COMMONERS WILL HAVE 3
COMMONERS WILL HAVE 3 MINUTES.
>>
>> CHAIR
>> CHAIR PATTERSON,
>> CHAIR PATTERSON, I'M
>> CHAIR PATTERSON, I'M NOT
SEEING
SEEING ANY
>> CHAIR PATTERSON, I'M NOT
SEEING ANY HANDS
SEEING ANY HANDS RAISED
INDICATING
INDICATING THAT
SEEING ANY HANDS RAISED
INDICATING THAT ANYONE
INDICATING THAT ANYONE WANTS
SEEING ANY HANDS RAISED
INDICATING THAT ANYONE WANTS TO
MAKE
MAKE PUBLIC
MAKE PUBLIC COMMENT.
>>
>> OKAY.
I
I WASN'T
>> OKAY.
I WASN'T SURE
I WASN'T SURE WHETHER
>> OKAY.
I WASN'T SURE WHETHER MR.
I WASN'T SURE WHETHER MR. BURNS
WANTED
WANTED TO
I WASN'T SURE WHETHER MR. BURNS
WANTED TO MAKE
WANTED TO MAKE COMMENT
I WASN'T SURE WHETHER MR. BURNS
WANTED TO MAKE COMMENT TO
WANTED TO MAKE COMMENT TO THAT
OR
OR NOT
WANTED TO MAKE COMMENT TO THAT
OR NOT SINCE
OR NOT SINCE WE
WANTED TO MAKE COMMENT TO THAT
OR NOT SINCE WE DIDN'T
OR NOT SINCE WE DIDN'T GET
WANTED TO MAKE COMMENT TO THAT
OR NOT SINCE WE DIDN'T GET HIS
MESSAGES,
MESSAGES, BUT
OR NOT SINCE WE DIDN'T GET HIS
MESSAGES, BUT WE
MESSAGES, BUT WE WILL
OR NOT SINCE WE DIDN'T GET HIS
MESSAGES, BUT WE WILL KIND
MESSAGES, BUT WE WILL KIND OF
SPEAK
SPEAK SLOWLY
MESSAGES, BUT WE WILL KIND OF
SPEAK SLOWLY HERE
SPEAK SLOWLY HERE AND
MESSAGES, BUT WE WILL KIND OF
SPEAK SLOWLY HERE AND GIVE
EVERYBODY
EVERYBODY JUST
SPEAK SLOWLY HERE AND GIVE
EVERYBODY JUST ANOTHER
EVERYBODY JUST ANOTHER SECOND
OR
OR 2
EVERYBODY JUST ANOTHER SECOND
OR 2 TO
OR 2 TO RAISE
EVERYBODY JUST ANOTHER SECOND
OR 2 TO RAISE THEIR
OR 2 TO RAISE THEIR HAND
EVERYBODY JUST ANOTHER SECOND
OR 2 TO RAISE THEIR HAND PER
THE
THE INSTRUCTIONS.
SEEING
SEEING NO
THE INSTRUCTIONS.
SEEING NO ONE
SEEING NO ONE WANTED
THE INSTRUCTIONS.
SEEING NO ONE WANTED TO
SEEING NO ONE WANTED TO DO
THAT,
THAT, WE
SEEING NO ONE WANTED TO DO
THAT, WE WILL
THAT, WE WILL CLOSE
SEEING NO ONE WANTED TO DO
THAT, WE WILL CLOSE THE
THAT, WE WILL CLOSE THE PERIOD
FOR
FOR PUBLIC
THAT, WE WILL CLOSE THE PERIOD
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT NOW.
SO
SO GLAD
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT NOW.
SO GLAD WE
SO GLAD WE ARE
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT NOW.
SO GLAD WE ARE DONE
SO GLAD WE ARE DONE WITH
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT NOW.
SO GLAD WE ARE DONE WITH THIS
SO GLAD WE ARE DONE WITH THIS.
IT
IT IS
SO GLAD WE ARE DONE WITH THIS.
IT IS SO
IT IS SO MUCH
SO GLAD WE ARE DONE WITH THIS.
IT IS SO MUCH MORE
IT IS SO MUCH MORE CONVENIENT
IN
IN PERSON.
OH
OH WELL,
IN PERSON.
OH WELL, THIS
OH WELL, THIS IS
IN PERSON.
OH WELL, THIS IS WHERE
OH WELL, THIS IS WHERE WE
OH WELL, THIS IS WHERE WE ARE.
WE
WE THEN
OH WELL, THIS IS WHERE WE ARE.
WE THEN PROCEED
WE THEN PROCEED ONTO
OH WELL, THIS IS WHERE WE ARE.
WE THEN PROCEED ONTO OUR
REGULAR
REGULAR AGENDA.R
WE THEN PROCEED ONTO OUR
REGULAR AGENDA.R THE
REGULAR AGENDA.R THE CLERK
PLEASE
PLEASE READ?
>>
>> RESOLUTION
>> RESOLUTION ONE
>> RESOLUTION ONE Ã1300
>> RESOLUTION ONE Ã1300 AWARD
CONTRACTS
CONTRACTS AND
>> RESOLUTION ONE Ã1300 AWARD
CONTRACTS AND APPROVE
CONTRACTS AND APPROVE PURCHASES
ITEM
ITEM 1,
CONTRACTS AND APPROVE PURCHASES
ITEM 1, INCREASE
ITEM 1, INCREASE CITYWIDE
CONTRACT
CONTRACT WITH
ITEM 1, INCREASE CITYWIDE
CONTRACT WITH PACIFICA
CONTRACT WITH PACIFICA LAW
ITEM 1, INCREASE CITYWIDE
CONTRACT WITH PACIFICA LAW FIRM
FOR
FOR ADDITIONAL
CONTRACT WITH PACIFICA LAW FIRM
FOR ADDITIONAL LAWN
FOR ADDITIONAL LAWN COUNSEL
SERVICES.
>>
>> MOVE
>> MOVE THE
>> MOVE THE RESOLUTION.
>>
>> I
>> I SECOND.
>>
>> SECOND.
IS
IS THERE
>> SECOND.
IS THERE ANY
IS THERE ANY DISCUSSION
>> SECOND.
IS THERE ANY DISCUSSION OR
QUESTIONS
QUESTIONS THAT
IS THERE ANY DISCUSSION OR
QUESTIONS THAT WE
QUESTIONS THAT WE NEED
IS THERE ANY DISCUSSION OR
QUESTIONS THAT WE NEED TO
QUESTIONS THAT WE NEED TO ASK?
SEE
SEE NONE,
QUESTIONS THAT WE NEED TO ASK?
SEE NONE, WE
SEE NONE, WE WILL
QUESTIONS THAT WE NEED TO ASK?
SEE NONE, WE WILL GO
SEE NONE, WE WILL GO AHEAD
QUESTIONS THAT WE NEED TO ASK?
SEE NONE, WE WILL GO AHEAD AND
HAVE
HAVE A
SEE NONE, WE WILL GO AHEAD AND
HAVE A VOICE
HAVE A VOICE OF
SEE NONE, WE WILL GO AHEAD AND
HAVE A VOICE OF THE
HAVE A VOICE OF THE VOTE.
ALL
ALL IN
HAVE A VOICE OF THE VOTE.
ALL IN FAVOR
ALL IN FAVOR OF
HAVE A VOICE OF THE VOTE.
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE RESOLUTION
SIGNIFY
SIGNIFY BY
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE RESOLUTION
SIGNIFY BY SAYING
SIGNIFY BY SAYING AYE.
>>
>> AYE.
>> AND
>> ANDTHAT
>> ANDTHAT MOTION
>> ANDTHAT MOTION PASSES
>> ANDTHAT MOTION PASSES ,
>> ANDTHAT MOTION PASSES , OR
RESOLUTION,
RESOLUTION, I
>> ANDTHAT MOTION PASSES , OR
RESOLUTION, I SHOULD
RESOLUTION, I SHOULD SAY,
PASSES.O,
PASSES.O, WE
RESOLUTION, I SHOULD SAY,
PASSES.O, WE WILL
PASSES.O, WE WILL MOVE
RESOLUTION, I SHOULD SAY,
PASSES.O, WE WILL MOVE ON
PASSES.O, WE WILL MOVE ON TO
THE
THE SECOND
THE SECOND RESOLUTION.
CLERK,
CLERK, PLEASE
THE SECOND RESOLUTION.
CLERK, PLEASE REPAIR
>>
>> RELIGION
CLERK, PLEASE REPAIR
>> RELIGION 11301
>> RELIGION 11301 AUTHORIZED
EXECUTION
EXECUTION OF
>> RELIGION 11301 AUTHORIZED
EXECUTION OF THE
EXECUTION OF THE COLLECTIVE
BARGAINING
BARGAINING AGREEMENT
EXECUTION OF THE COLLECTIVE
BARGAINING AGREEMENT AS
BARGAINING AGREEMENT AS TO
GOUCHER
GOUCHER BY
BARGAINING AGREEMENT AS TO
GOUCHER BY THE
GOUCHER BY THE INTERNATIONAL
ASSOCIATION
ASSOCIATION OF
GOUCHER BY THE INTERNATIONAL
ASSOCIATION OF SHEET
ASSOCIATION OF SHEET METAL,
AIR,
AIR, RAIL,
ASSOCIATION OF SHEET METAL,
AIR, RAIL, AND
AIR, RAIL, AND TRANSPORTATION
WORKERS,
WORKERS, TRANSPORTATION
DIVISION
DIVISION LOCAL
WORKERS, TRANSPORTATION
DIVISION LOCAL 1977
DIVISION LOCAL 1977 YARD
MASTERS
MASTERS EFFECTIVE
DIVISION LOCAL 1977 YARD
MASTERS EFFECTIVE JANUARY
MASTERS EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1,
2021 THROUGH
2021 THROUGH DECEMBER
MASTERS EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1,
2021 THROUGH DECEMBER 31
EFFECTIVE
EFFECTIVE JANUARY
2021 THROUGH DECEMBER 31
EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1,
EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 2021
THROUGH
THROUGH DECEMBER
EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 2021
THROUGH DECEMBER 31,
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2024.
>>
>> I
>> I MOVE
>> I MOVE THE
>> I MOVE THE RESOLUTION.
>>
>> I
>> I SECOND.
>>
>> AND
>> AND WE
>> AND WE HAVE,
>> AND WE HAVE, ONCE
>> AND WE HAVE, ONCE AGAIN,
>> AND WE HAVE, ONCE AGAIN, MR.
CARLSON
CARLSON HERE
>> AND WE HAVE, ONCE AGAIN, MR.
CARLSON HERE TO
CARLSON HERE TO SPEAK
>> AND WE HAVE, ONCE AGAIN, MR.
CARLSON HERE TO SPEAK TO
CARLSON HERE TO SPEAK TO THE
RESOLUTION.
MR.
MR. CARLSON?
OH,
OH, CAN'T
MR. CARLSON?
OH, CAN'T HEAR
OH, CAN'T HEAR YOU.
>>
>> FORGIVE
>> FORGIVE ME.
>>
>> THERE
>> THERE YOU
>> THERE YOU GO.
>>
>> GOOD
>> GOOD AFTERNOON,
>> GOOD AFTERNOON, CHAIR
PATTERSON,
PATTERSON, AND
>> GOOD AFTERNOON, CHAIR
PATTERSON, AND MEMBERS
PATTERSON, AND MEMBERS OF
>> GOOD AFTERNOON, CHAIR
PATTERSON, AND MEMBERS OF THE
PUBLIC
PUBLIC AGILITY
PATTERSON, AND MEMBERS OF THE
PUBLIC AGILITY BOARD
PUBLIC AGILITY BOARD PICK
PATTERSON, AND MEMBERS OF THE
PUBLIC AGILITY BOARD PICK I'M
SENIOR
SENIOR RELATIONS
PUBLIC AGILITY BOARD PICK I'M
SENIOR RELATIONS MANAGER
SENIOR RELATIONS MANAGER FOR
THE
THE CITY
SENIOR RELATIONS MANAGER FOR
THE CITY OF
THE CITY OF TACOMA.
RESOLUTION
RESOLUTION U11301
THE CITY OF TACOMA.
RESOLUTION U11301 RECOMMENDS
ADOPTION
ADOPTION OF
RESOLUTION U11301 RECOMMENDS
ADOPTION OF A
ADOPTION OF A COLLECTIVE
BARGAINING
BARGAINING AGREEMENT
ADOPTION OF A COLLECTIVE
BARGAINING AGREEMENT NEGOTIATED
WITH
WITH THE
BARGAINING AGREEMENT NEGOTIATED
WITH THE INTERNATIONAL
ASSOCIATION
ASSOCIATION OF
WITH THE INTERNATIONAL
ASSOCIATION OF SHEET
ASSOCIATION OF SHEET METAL,
AIR,
AIR, RAIL,
ASSOCIATION OF SHEET METAL,
AIR, RAIL, AND
AIR, RAIL, AND TRANSPORTATION
WORKERS
WORKERS TRANSPORTATION
AIR, RAIL, AND TRANSPORTATION
WORKERS TRANSPORTATION DIVISION
SMART
SMART LOCAL
WORKERS TRANSPORTATION DIVISION
SMART LOCAL 1977
SMART LOCAL 1977 YARD
WORKERS TRANSPORTATION DIVISION
SMART LOCAL 1977 YARD MASTERS
UNITS.
THE
THE AGREEMENT
UNITS.
THE AGREEMENT IS
THE AGREEMENT IS FOR
UNITS.
THE AGREEMENT IS FOR 4
THE AGREEMENT IS FOR 4 YEARS
AND
AND COVERS
THE AGREEMENT IS FOR 4 YEARS
AND COVERS APPROXIMATELY
AND COVERS APPROXIMATELY 6
BUDGETED
BUDGETED FULL-TIME
AND COVERS APPROXIMATELY 6
BUDGETED FULL-TIME EQUIVALENT
POSITIONS
POSITIONS WITH
BUDGETED FULL-TIME EQUIVALENT
POSITIONS WITH THE
POSITIONS WITH THE TACOMA
PUBLIC
PUBLIC UTILITIES.
THE
THE AGREEMENT
PUBLIC UTILITIES.
THE AGREEMENT HAS
THE AGREEMENT HAS BEEN
SCHEDULED
SCHEDULED FOR
THE AGREEMENT HAS BEEN
SCHEDULED FOR CONSIDERATION
SCHEDULED FOR CONSIDERATION BY
THE
THE CITY
SCHEDULED FOR CONSIDERATION BY
THE CITY COUNCIL
THE CITY COUNCIL AS
SCHEDULED FOR CONSIDERATION BY
THE CITY COUNCIL AS A
RESOLUTION
RESOLUTION ON
THE CITY COUNCIL AS A
RESOLUTION ON JANUARY
RESOLUTION ON JANUARY 25,
RESOLUTION ON JANUARY 25, 2022.
THE
THE AGREEMENT
RESOLUTION ON JANUARY 25, 2022.
THE AGREEMENT PROVIDES
THE AGREEMENT PROVIDES THAT
RESOLUTION ON JANUARY 25, 2022.
THE AGREEMENT PROVIDES THAT A
JOURNEY
JOURNEY LEVEL
THE AGREEMENT PROVIDES THAT A
JOURNEY LEVEL LEVEL
JOURNEY LEVEL LEVEL YARD
THE AGREEMENT PROVIDES THAT A
JOURNEY LEVEL LEVEL YARD MASTER
WILL
WILL BE
JOURNEY LEVEL LEVEL YARD MASTER
WILL BE INCREASED
WILL BE INCREASED BY
JOURNEY LEVEL LEVEL YARD MASTER
WILL BE INCREASED BY 2%
RETROACTIVE
RETROACTIVE TO
WILL BE INCREASED BY 2%
RETROACTIVE TO JANUARY
RETROACTIVE TO JANUARY 1,
WILL BE INCREASED BY 2%
RETROACTIVE TO JANUARY 1, 2021
AND
AND WILL
RETROACTIVE TO JANUARY 1, 2021
AND WILL INCREASE
AND WILL INCREASE BY
RETROACTIVE TO JANUARY 1, 2021
AND WILL INCREASE BY 2%
AND WILL INCREASE BY 2% ON
JANUARY
JANUARY 1
AND WILL INCREASE BY 2% ON
JANUARY 1 OF
JANUARY 1 OF EACH
AND WILL INCREASE BY 2% ON
JANUARY 1 OF EACH OF
JANUARY 1 OF EACH OF THE
REMAINING
REMAINING 3
JANUARY 1 OF EACH OF THE
REMAINING 3 YEARS
REMAINING 3 YEARS OF
JANUARY 1 OF EACH OF THE
REMAINING 3 YEARS OF THE
AGREEMENT.
EFFECTIVE
EFFECTIVE THE
AGREEMENT.
EFFECTIVE THE FIRST
EFFECTIVE THE FIRST OF
AGREEMENT.
EFFECTIVE THE FIRST OF THE
MONTH
MONTH FOLLOWING
EFFECTIVE THE FIRST OF THE
MONTH FOLLOWING RATIFICATION
MONTH FOLLOWING RATIFICATION OF
THE
THE AGREEMENT,
MONTH FOLLOWING RATIFICATION OF
THE AGREEMENT, THE
THE AGREEMENT, THE EMPLOYEE
MEDICAL
MEDICAL INSURANCE
THE AGREEMENT, THE EMPLOYEE
MEDICAL INSURANCE PREMIUM
MEDICAL INSURANCE PREMIUM WILL
MIRROR
MIRROR THAT
MEDICAL INSURANCE PREMIUM WILL
MIRROR THAT OF
MIRROR THAT OF OTHER
MEDICAL INSURANCE PREMIUM WILL
MIRROR THAT OF OTHER CITY
EMPLOYEES
EMPLOYEES CURRENTLY
MIRROR THAT OF OTHER CITY
EMPLOYEES CURRENTLY $50
EMPLOYEES CURRENTLY $50 A
MIRROR THAT OF OTHER CITY
EMPLOYEES CURRENTLY $50 A MONTH
FOR
FOR EMPLOYEE
EMPLOYEES CURRENTLY $50 A MONTH
FOR EMPLOYEE ONLY
FOR EMPLOYEE ONLY COVERAGE
EMPLOYEES CURRENTLY $50 A MONTH
FOR EMPLOYEE ONLY COVERAGE AND
$100
$100 A
FOR EMPLOYEE ONLY COVERAGE AND
$100 A MONTH
$100 A MONTH FOR
FOR EMPLOYEE ONLY COVERAGE AND
$100 A MONTH FOR EMPLOYEE
$100 A MONTH FOR EMPLOYEE PLUS
COVERAGE.
EMPLOYEES
EMPLOYEES WILL
COVERAGE.
EMPLOYEES WILL BE
EMPLOYEES WILL BE ELIGIBLE
COVERAGE.
EMPLOYEES WILL BE ELIGIBLE FOR
CONTINUED
CONTINUED DEFERRED
EMPLOYEES WILL BE ELIGIBLE FOR
CONTINUED DEFERRED COMPENSATION
MATCH
MATCH 3%
CONTINUED DEFERRED COMPENSATION
MATCH 3% REGARDLESS
MATCH 3% REGARDLESS OF
CONTINUED DEFERRED COMPENSATION
MATCH 3% REGARDLESS OF CARRIER
PERFORMANCE
PERFORMANCE AND
MATCH 3% REGARDLESS OF CARRIER
PERFORMANCE AND IN
PERFORMANCE AND IN RECOGNITION
OF
OF CONCEPTIONS
PERFORMANCE AND IN RECOGNITION
OF CONCEPTIONS MADE
OF CONCEPTIONS MADE EACH
REGULAR
REGULAR YARD
OF CONCEPTIONS MADE EACH
REGULAR YARD MASTER
REGULAR YARD MASTER WILL
RECEIVE
RECEIVE A
REGULAR YARD MASTER WILL
RECEIVE A ONE-TIME
RECEIVE A ONE-TIME SUM
REGULAR YARD MASTER WILL
RECEIVE A ONE-TIME SUM PAYMENT
OF
OF $2000.
OTHER
OTHER CHANGES
OF $2000.
OTHER CHANGES INCLUDE
OTHER CHANGES INCLUDE THE
SUNSET
SUNSET OF
OTHER CHANGES INCLUDE THE
SUNSET OF ELIGIBILITY
SUNSET OF ELIGIBILITY FOR
OTHER CHANGES INCLUDE THE
SUNSET OF ELIGIBILITY FOR LONG
DADDY
DADDY PAY
SUNSET OF ELIGIBILITY FOR LONG
DADDY PAY FOR
DADDY PAY FOR NEW
SUNSET OF ELIGIBILITY FOR LONG
DADDY PAY FOR NEW EMPLOYEES
HIRED
HIRED INTO
DADDY PAY FOR NEW EMPLOYEES
HIRED INTO THE
HIRED INTO THE UNIT.
THIS
THIS ONSET
HIRED INTO THE UNIT.
THIS ONSET OF
THIS ONSET OF THE
HIRED INTO THE UNIT.
THIS ONSET OF THE HISTORIC
WELLNESS
WELLNESSPROGRAM
THIS ONSET OF THE HISTORIC
WELLNESSPROGRAM ,
WELLNESSPROGRAM , WHICH
REWARDED
REWARDED EMPLOYEES
WELLNESSPROGRAM , WHICH
REWARDED EMPLOYEES FOR
REWARDED EMPLOYEES FOR NONUSE
OF
OF SICK
REWARDED EMPLOYEES FOR NONUSE
OF SICK LEAVE,
OF SICK LEAVE, THE
REWARDED EMPLOYEES FOR NONUSE
OF SICK LEAVE, THE ADDITION
OF SICK LEAVE, THE ADDITION OF
A
A PROVISION
OF SICK LEAVE, THE ADDITION OF
A PROVISION TO
A PROVISION TO PROVIDE
OF SICK LEAVE, THE ADDITION OF
A PROVISION TO PROVIDE FOR
DOUBLETIME
DOUBLETIME PAY
A PROVISION TO PROVIDE FOR
DOUBLETIME PAY FOR
DOUBLETIME PAY FOR HOURS
A PROVISION TO PROVIDE FOR
DOUBLETIME PAY FOR HOURS WORKED
ON
ON HOLIDAYS
DOUBLETIME PAY FOR HOURS WORKED
ON HOLIDAYS,
ON HOLIDAYS, UPDATES
DOUBLETIME PAY FOR HOURS WORKED
ON HOLIDAYS, UPDATES TO
ON HOLIDAYS, UPDATES TOLETTERS
UNDERSTANDING
UNDERSTANDING REGARDING
ON HOLIDAYS, UPDATES TOLETTERS
UNDERSTANDING REGARDING RETIREE
MEDICAL
MEDICAL COVERAGE
UNDERSTANDING REGARDING RETIREE
MEDICAL COVERAGE ,
MEDICAL COVERAGE , EDITS
UNDERSTANDING REGARDING RETIREE
MEDICAL COVERAGE , EDITS TO
PROVISION
PROVISIONOF
MEDICAL COVERAGE , EDITS TO
PROVISIONOF UNION
PROVISIONOF UNION DUES
MEDICAL COVERAGE , EDITS TO
PROVISIONOF UNION DUES ,
PROVISIONOF UNION DUES , AND
INCORPORATION
INCORPORATION OF
PROVISIONOF UNION DUES , AND
INCORPORATION OF 2
INCORPORATION OF 2 HOURS
PROVISIONOF UNION DUES , AND
INCORPORATION OF 2 HOURS OF
OVERTIME
OVERTIME PAY
INCORPORATION OF 2 HOURS OF
OVERTIME PAY FOR
OVERTIME PAY FOR TRAINING
INCORPORATION OF 2 HOURS OF
OVERTIME PAY FOR TRAINING THAT
REQUIRES
REQUIRES AN
OVERTIME PAY FOR TRAINING THAT
REQUIRES AN EMPLOYEE
REQUIRES AN EMPLOYEE TO
OVERTIME PAY FOR TRAINING THAT
REQUIRES AN EMPLOYEE TO REPORT
TO
TO THE
REQUIRES AN EMPLOYEE TO REPORT
TO THE FACILITIES
TO THE FACILITIES ON
REQUIRES AN EMPLOYEE TO REPORT
TO THE FACILITIES ON AN
EMPLOYER
EMPLOYER SCHEDULED
TO THE FACILITIES ON AN
EMPLOYER SCHEDULED REST
EMPLOYER SCHEDULED REST DAY.
WOULD
WOULD BE
EMPLOYER SCHEDULED REST DAY.
WOULD BE HAPPY
WOULD BE HAPPY TO
EMPLOYER SCHEDULED REST DAY.
WOULD BE HAPPY TO ANSWER
WOULD BE HAPPY TO ANSWER ANY
QUESTIONS
QUESTIONS YOU
QUESTIONS YOU HAVE.
>>
>> ARE
QUESTIONS YOU HAVE.
>> ARE THERE
>> ARE THERE ANY
QUESTIONS YOU HAVE.
>> ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS
>> ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS BY
BOARDMEMBER'S
BOARDMEMBER'S WITH
>> ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS BY
BOARDMEMBER'S WITH RESPECT
BOARDMEMBER'S WITH RESPECT TO
THIS
THIS NEW
THIS NEW AGREEMENT?
>>
>> NO
>> NO QUESTIONS
>> NO QUESTIONS HERE.
>>
>> OKAY.
SEEING
SEEING NO
>> OKAY.
SEEING NO QUESTIONS,
SEEING NO QUESTIONS, MR.
CARLSON,
CARLSON, ONCE
SEEING NO QUESTIONS, MR.
CARLSON, ONCE AGAIN
CARLSON, ONCE AGAIN YOU'VE
SEEING NO QUESTIONS, MR.
CARLSON, ONCE AGAIN YOU'VE DONE
A
A GOOD
CARLSON, ONCE AGAIN YOU'VE DONE
A GOOD JOB
A GOOD JOB OF
CARLSON, ONCE AGAIN YOU'VE DONE
A GOOD JOB OF EXPLAINING
A GOOD JOB OF EXPLAINING IT
BECAUSE
BECAUSE I
A GOOD JOB OF EXPLAINING IT
BECAUSE I DON'T
BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE
A GOOD JOB OF EXPLAINING IT
BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS
QUESTIONS EITHER.
WE
WE DID
QUESTIONS EITHER.
WE DID GET
WE DID GET THESE
QUESTIONS EITHER.
WE DID GET THESE MATERIALS
AHEAD
AHEAD OF
WE DID GET THESE MATERIALS
AHEAD OF TIME
AHEAD OF TIME JUST
WE DID GET THESE MATERIALS
AHEAD OF TIME JUST FOR
AHEAD OF TIME JUST FOR THE
BENEFIT
BENEFIT OF
AHEAD OF TIME JUST FOR THE
BENEFIT OF THE
BENEFIT OF THE PUBLIC
AHEAD OF TIME JUST FOR THE
BENEFIT OF THE PUBLIC AND
BENEFIT OF THE PUBLIC AND WE
LOOK
LOOK AT
BENEFIT OF THE PUBLIC AND WE
LOOK AT THEM
LOOK AT THEM AHEAD
BENEFIT OF THE PUBLIC AND WE
LOOK AT THEM AHEAD OF
LOOK AT THEM AHEAD OF TIME.
WE
WE JUST
LOOK AT THEM AHEAD OF TIME.
WE JUST RELYING
WE JUST RELYING ON
LOOK AT THEM AHEAD OF TIME.
WE JUST RELYING ON WHAT
WE JUST RELYING ON WHAT WE
LOOK AT THEM AHEAD OF TIME.
WE JUST RELYING ON WHAT WE SEE
HERE.
LOOKS
LOOKS LIKE
HERE.
LOOKS LIKE A
LOOKS LIKE A GOOD
HERE.
LOOKS LIKE A GOOD AGREEMENT
LOOKS LIKE A GOOD AGREEMENT.
NEGOTIATED
NEGOTIATEDFAIRLY
LOOKS LIKE A GOOD AGREEMENT.
NEGOTIATEDFAIRLY AND
NEGOTIATEDFAIRLY AND AWAY
LOOKS LIKE A GOOD AGREEMENT.
NEGOTIATEDFAIRLY AND AWAY WE
GO.
ALL
ALL IN
GO.
ALL IN FAVOR
ALL IN FAVOR OF
GO.
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE RESOLUTION
PLEASE
PLEASE ,
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE RESOLUTION
PLEASE , OH,
PLEASE , OH, ALL
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE RESOLUTION
PLEASE , OH, ALL IN
PLEASE , OH, ALL IN FAVOR
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE RESOLUTION
PLEASE , OH, ALL IN FAVOR OF
THE
THE RESOLUTION
PLEASE , OH, ALL IN FAVOR OF
THE RESOLUTION SIGNIFY
THE RESOLUTION SIGNIFY BY
SAYING
SAYING AYE.
>>
>> AYE.
>> AND
>> AND THE
>> AND THE RESOLUTION
>> AND THE RESOLUTION PASSES.
THANK
THANK YOU,
>> AND THE RESOLUTION PASSES.
THANK YOU, MR.
THANK YOU, MR. CARLSON.
MOVE
MOVE ON
THANK YOU, MR. CARLSON.
MOVE ON TO
MOVE ON TO THE
THANK YOU, MR. CARLSON.
MOVE ON TO THE NEXT
MOVE ON TO THE NEXT ITEM.
>>
>> MOTION
MOVE ON TO THE NEXT ITEM.
>> MOTION 22
>> MOTION 22 Ã01
>> MOTION 22 Ã01.
IN
IN ACCORDANCE
>> MOTION 22 Ã01.
IN ACCORDANCE WITH
IN ACCORDANCE WITH TACOMA
MUNICIPAL
MUNICIPAL CODE
IN ACCORDANCE WITH TACOMA
MUNICIPAL CODE SECTION
MUNICIPAL CODE SECTION 1.06380
BOARD
BOARD APPROVES
MUNICIPAL CODE SECTION 1.06380
BOARD APPROVES THE
BOARD APPROVES THE ASSIGNMENT
OF
OF CSILLA
BOARD APPROVES THE ASSIGNMENT
OF CSILLA MUHL
OF CSILLA MUHL TO
BOARD APPROVES THE ASSIGNMENT
OF CSILLA MUHL TO THE
DEPARTMENT
DEPARTMENT OF
OF CSILLA MUHL TO THE
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC UTILITIES
LEGAL
LEGAL OFFICE
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC UTILITIES
LEGAL OFFICE UPON
LEGAL OFFICE UPON THE
RECOMMENDATION
RECOMMENDATION OF
LEGAL OFFICE UPON THE
RECOMMENDATION OF THE
RECOMMENDATION OF THE CITY
ATTORNEY.
>>
>> SO,
>> SO, TOM
>> SO, TOM TO
>> SO, TOM TO DEPUTY
>> SO, TOM TO DEPUTY CITY
ATTORNEY?
>>
>> DID
>> DID YOU
>> DID YOU MOVE
>> DID YOU MOVE THE
>> DID YOU MOVE THE BOARD
MOTION,
MOTION, BOARD
>> DID YOU MOVE THE BOARD
MOTION, BOARD NEVER
MOTION, BOARD NEVER COOLEY
MOTION, BOARD NEVER COOLEY?
>>
>> I
>> I WAS
>> I WAS MUTED
>> I WAS MUTED PICKS
>>
>> YOU
>> I WAS MUTED PICKS
>> YOU ARE
>> YOU ARE MUTED.
AND
AND I
>> YOU ARE MUTED.
AND I SECOND,
AND I SECOND, MR.
AND I SECOND, MR. WATSON?
>>
>> 2ND.
>> THANK
>> THANK YOU.
NOW
NOW YOU
>> THANK YOU.
NOW YOU CAN
NOW YOU CAN TALK.
>>
>> THANK
>> THANK YOU.
I
I WAS
>> THANK YOU.
I WAS GOING
I WAS GOING TO
>> THANK YOU.
I WAS GOING TO SAY
I WAS GOING TO SAY WE
>> THANK YOU.
I WAS GOING TO SAY WE HAVE
I WAS GOING TO SAY WE HAVE THE
MOTION.
THE
THE MOTION
MOTION.
THE MOTION THAT
THE MOTION THAT IS
MOTION.
THE MOTION THAT IS IN
THE MOTION THAT IS IN FRONT
MOTION.
THE MOTION THAT IS IN FRONT OF
YOU
YOU WILL
THE MOTION THAT IS IN FRONT OF
YOU WILL CONFIRM
YOU WILL CONFIRM THE
APPOINTMENT
APPOINTMENT FOR
YOU WILL CONFIRM THE
APPOINTMENT FOR THE
APPOINTMENT FOR THE CITY
ATTORNEY'S
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE
APPOINTMENT FOR THE CITY
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE AND
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE AND SHE
APPOINTMENT FOR THE CITY
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE AND SHE WILL
BE
BE WORKING
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE AND SHE WILL
BE WORKING IN
BE WORKING IN THE
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE AND SHE WILL
BE WORKING IN THE DEPARTMENT'S
LEGAL
LEGAL GROUP
BE WORKING IN THE DEPARTMENT'S
LEGAL GROUP THAT
LEGAL GROUP THAT COVERS
BE WORKING IN THE DEPARTMENT'S
LEGAL GROUP THAT COVERS TACOMA
PUBLIC
PUBLIC UTILITIES.
SHE
SHE WILL
PUBLIC UTILITIES.
SHE WILL BE
SHE WILL BE REPLACING
PUBLIC UTILITIES.
SHE WILL BE REPLACING ONE
SHE WILL BE REPLACING ONE OF
OUR
OUR ATTORNEYS
SHE WILL BE REPLACING ONE OF
OUR ATTORNEYS WHO
OUR ATTORNEYS WHO HAS
OUR ATTORNEYS WHO HAS RETIRED.
>>
>> THANK
>> THANK YOU.
HAS
HAS SHE
>> THANK YOU.
HAS SHE BEEN
HAS SHE BEEN WITH
>> THANK YOU.
HAS SHE BEEN WITH THE
HAS SHE BEEN WITH THE CITY
ATTORNEY'S
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE
HAS SHE BEEN WITH THE CITY
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE OR
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE OR INITIATE
NEW
NEW PERSON?
>>
>> SHE'S
>> SHE'S A
>> SHE'S A NEW
>> SHE'S A NEW PERSON
>> SHE'S A NEW PERSON PICKED
>>
>> SHE'S
>> SHE'S A NEW PERSON PICKED
>> SHE'S A
>> SHE'S A NEW
>> SHE'S A NEW PERSON.
OKAY,
OKAY, GREAT.
WELCOME
WELCOME TO
OKAY, GREAT.
WELCOME TO HER
WELCOME TO HER AND
OKAY, GREAT.
WELCOME TO HER AND I
WELCOME TO HER AND I HAVE
OKAY, GREAT.
WELCOME TO HER AND I HAVE NO
QUESTIONS
QUESTIONS.
ANY
ANY BOARDMEMBER
ANY BOARDMEMBER QUESTIONS?
>>
>> NO
>> NO QUESTIONS,
>> NO QUESTIONS, BUT
>> NO QUESTIONS, BUT A
>> NO QUESTIONS, BUT A COMMENT.
IF
IF SHE
>> NO QUESTIONS, BUT A COMMENT.
IF SHE IS
IF SHE IS LISTENING,
>> NO QUESTIONS, BUT A COMMENT.
IF SHE IS LISTENING, I
IF SHE IS LISTENING, I JUST
WELCOME
WELCOME HER
IF SHE IS LISTENING, I JUST
WELCOME HER TO
WELCOME HER TO THE
WELCOME HER TO THE TEAM.
I'M
I'M EXCITED
WELCOME HER TO THE TEAM.
I'M EXCITED FOR
I'M EXCITED FOR THE
WELCOME HER TO THE TEAM.
I'M EXCITED FOR THE EXPERIENCE
SHE
SHE BRINGS,
I'M EXCITED FOR THE EXPERIENCE
SHE BRINGS, ESPECIALLY
SHE BRINGS, ESPECIALLY WITH
HEALTHCARE
HEALTHCARE AS
SHE BRINGS, ESPECIALLY WITH
HEALTHCARE AS THAT
HEALTHCARE AS THAT INFORMS
EVERYTHING
EVERYTHING FED
HEALTHCARE AS THAT INFORMS
EVERYTHING FED GOING
EVERYTHING FED GOING ON
HEALTHCARE AS THAT INFORMS
EVERYTHING FED GOING ON RIGHT
NOW
NOW IN
EVERYTHING FED GOING ON RIGHT
NOW IN THIS
NOW IN THIS PANDEMIC.
OH,
OH, HELLO,
NOW IN THIS PANDEMIC.
OH, HELLO, THANK
OH, HELLO, THANK YOU.
WELCOME.
>>
>> SO,
>> SO, THAT
>> SO, THAT IS
>> SO, THAT IS CSILLA.
>>
>> I
>> SO, THAT IS CSILLA.
>> I POPPED
>> I POPPED IN.
THANK
THANK YOU
>> I POPPED IN.
THANK YOU FOR
THANK YOU FOR HAVING
>> I POPPED IN.
THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME
THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME AND
HAPPY
HAPPY TO
THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME AND
HAPPY TO BE
HAPPY TO BE HERE.
>>
>> THANK
>> THANK YOU.
BOARDMEMBER
BOARDMEMBER WATSON,
>> THANK YOU.
BOARDMEMBER WATSON, ANY
QUESTIONS
QUESTIONS OR
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS?
>>
>> NO
>> NO QUESTIONS.
I
I WANT
>> NO QUESTIONS.
I WANT TO
I WANT TO ECHO
>> NO QUESTIONS.
I WANT TO ECHO THE
I WANT TO ECHO THE SENTIMENTS
OF
OF BOARDMEMBER
I WANT TO ECHO THE SENTIMENTS
OF BOARDMEMBER COOLEY
OF BOARDMEMBER COOLEY AND
WELCOME
WELCOME CSILLA
OF BOARDMEMBER COOLEY AND
WELCOME CSILLA TO
WELCOME CSILLA TO THE
WELCOME CSILLA TO THE TEAM.
>>
>> THANK
>> THANK YOU.
>>
>> AND
>> AND I
>> AND I THAT.
WELCOME
WELCOME TO
>> AND I THAT.
WELCOME TO THE
WELCOME TO THE GROUP.
WE
WE LOOK
WELCOME TO THE GROUP.
WE LOOK FORWARD
WE LOOK FORWARD TO
WELCOME TO THE GROUP.
WE LOOK FORWARD TO WORKING
WE LOOK FORWARD TO WORKING WITH
YOU
YOU ON
WE LOOK FORWARD TO WORKING WITH
YOU ON UTILITY
YOU ON UTILITY BOARD.
SO,
SO, THANK
SO, THANK YOU.
IT
IT HAS
SO, THANK YOU.
IT HAS BEEN
IT HAS BEEN MOVED
SO, THANK YOU.
IT HAS BEEN MOVED AND
IT HAS BEEN MOVED AND SECONDED.
ALL
ALL IN
IT HAS BEEN MOVED AND SECONDED.
ALL IN FAVOR
ALL IN FAVOR OF
IT HAS BEEN MOVED AND SECONDED.
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE MOTION
SIGNIFY
SIGNIFY BY
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE MOTION
SIGNIFY BY SAYING
SIGNIFY BY SAYING AYE.
>>
>> AYE.
>> AND
>> AND THE
>> AND THE MOTION
>> AND THE MOTION PASSES.
WELCOME,
WELCOME, CSILLA.
>>
>> I
>> I GREATLY
>> I GREATLY APPRECIATE
>> I GREATLY APPRECIATE IT.
IN
IN QUEUE.
>>
>> AND
>> AND THEN
>> AND THEN WE
>> AND THEN WE WILL
>> AND THEN WE WILL MOVE
>> AND THEN WE WILL MOVE ON
>> AND THEN WE WILL MOVE ON TO
ONE
ONE OTHER
>> AND THEN WE WILL MOVE ON TO
ONE OTHER ITEM
ONE OTHER ITEM THAT
>> AND THEN WE WILL MOVE ON TO
ONE OTHER ITEM THAT MR.
ONE OTHER ITEM THAT MR. MUHL
HAS
HAS AN
ONE OTHER ITEM THAT MR. MUHL
HAS AN INTEREST
HAS AN INTEREST IN.
WITH
WITH THE
HAS AN INTEREST IN.
WITH THE CLERK
WITH THE CLERK PLEASE
WITH THE CLERK PLEASE READ?
>>
>> MOTION
>> MOTION 22
>> MOTION 22 Ã02
>> MOTION 22 Ã02 UPON
OCCURRENCE
OCCURRENCE BY
>> MOTION 22 Ã02 UPON
OCCURRENCE BY THE
OCCURRENCE BY THE CITY
>> MOTION 22 Ã02 UPON
OCCURRENCE BY THE CITY COUNCIL
THE
THE DIRECTOR
OCCURRENCE BY THE CITY COUNCIL
THE DIRECTOR OF
THE DIRECTOR OF UTILITIES
OCCURRENCE BY THE CITY COUNCIL
THE DIRECTOR OF UTILITIES IS
HEREBY
HEREBY AUTHORIZED
THE DIRECTOR OF UTILITIES IS
HEREBY AUTHORIZED TO
HEREBY AUTHORIZED TO SETTLE
THE DIRECTOR OF UTILITIES IS
HEREBY AUTHORIZED TO SETTLE THE
LAWSUIT
LAWSUIT REFERENCED
HEREBY AUTHORIZED TO SETTLE THE
LAWSUIT REFERENCED AS
LAWSUIT REFERENCED AS COATES
HEREBY AUTHORIZED TO SETTLE THE
LAWSUIT REFERENCED AS COATES V.
CITY
CITY OF
LAWSUIT REFERENCED AS COATES V.
CITY OF TACOMA
CITY OF TACOMA FOR
LAWSUIT REFERENCED AS COATES V.
CITY OF TACOMA FOR THE
CITY OF TACOMA FOR THE TOTAL
AMOUNT
AMOUNT OF
AMOUNT OF $183,000.
>>
>> I
>> I MOVE
>> I MOVE THE
>> I MOVE THE MOTION.
>>
>> I
>> I SECOND.
>>
>> AND
>> AND MR.
>> AND MR. MUHL
>> AND MR. MUHL IS
>> AND MR. MUHL IS HERE
>> AND MR. MUHL IS HERE TO
SPEAK
SPEAK TO
>> AND MR. MUHL IS HERE TO
SPEAK TO THE
SPEAK TO THE MOTION.
>>
>> YES
>> YES .
>> YES . THIS
>> YES . THIS MOTION
>> YES . THIS MOTION TO
AUTHORIZE
AUTHORIZE THE
>> YES . THIS MOTION TO
AUTHORIZE THE SETTLEMENT
AUTHORIZE THE SETTLEMENT OF
EDWARD
EDWARD COATES
AUTHORIZE THE SETTLEMENT OF
EDWARD COATES VERSUS
EDWARD COATES VERSUS TACOMA,
WHICH
WHICH IS
EDWARD COATES VERSUS TACOMA,
WHICH IS CAUSE
WHICH IS CAUSE NUMBER
EDWARD COATES VERSUS TACOMA,
WHICH IS CAUSE NUMBER 17
WHICH IS CAUSE NUMBER 17 Ã2
WHICH IS CAUSE NUMBER 17 Ã2 Ã
NERO
NERO 8
WHICH IS CAUSE NUMBER 17 Ã2 Ã
NERO 8 ÃNERO
NERO 8 ÃNERO 8907
WHICH IS CAUSE NUMBER 17 Ã2 Ã
NERO 8 ÃNERO 8907 Ã4.
NERO 8 ÃNERO 8907 Ã4. THE
SETTLEMENT
SETTLEMENT AMOUNT
NERO 8 ÃNERO 8907 Ã4. THE
SETTLEMENT AMOUNT IS
SETTLEMENT AMOUNT IS $183,000.
UST
UST GET
SETTLEMENT AMOUNT IS $183,000.
UST GET A
UST GET A LITTLE
UST GET A LITTLE BACKGROUND.
THE
THE LAWSUIT
UST GET A LITTLE BACKGROUND.
THE LAWSUIT WAS
THE LAWSUIT WAS FILED
UST GET A LITTLE BACKGROUND.
THE LAWSUIT WAS FILED BACK
THE LAWSUIT WAS FILED BACK IN
JUNE
JUNE 2017.
THE
THE PLAINTIFFS
JUNE 2017.
THE PLAINTIFFS ALLEGED
THE PLAINTIFFS ALLEGED THAT
JUNE 2017.
THE PLAINTIFFS ALLEGED THAT,
EXCUSE
EXCUSE ME
THE PLAINTIFFS ALLEGED THAT,
EXCUSE ME,
EXCUSE ME, FILED
THE PLAINTIFFS ALLEGED THAT,
EXCUSE ME, FILED A
EXCUSE ME, FILED A LAWSUIT
AGAINST
AGAINST THE
EXCUSE ME, FILED A LAWSUIT
AGAINST THE CITY
AGAINST THE CITY OF
EXCUSE ME, FILED A LAWSUIT
AGAINST THE CITY OF TACOMA
ASKING
ASKING THE
AGAINST THE CITY OF TACOMA
ASKING THE COURT
ASKING THE COURT TO
AGAINST THE CITY OF TACOMA
ASKING THE COURT TO DECLARE
THAT
THAT THE
ASKING THE COURT TO DECLARE
THAT THE ELECTRIC
THAT THE ELECTRIC UTILITY
ASKING THE COURT TO DECLARE
THAT THE ELECTRIC UTILITY FUNDS
MAY
MAY NOT
THAT THE ELECTRIC UTILITY FUNDS
MAY NOT BE
MAY NOT BE USED
THAT THE ELECTRIC UTILITY FUNDS
MAY NOT BE USED TO
MAY NOT BE USED TO PAY
THAT THE ELECTRIC UTILITY FUNDS
MAY NOT BE USED TO PAY FOR
MAY NOT BE USED TO PAY FOR THE
EXPENSES
EXPENSES AND
MAY NOT BE USED TO PAY FOR THE
EXPENSES AND CAPITAL
IMPROVEMENT
IMPROVEMENT OF
EXPENSES AND CAPITAL
IMPROVEMENT OF FLICK
IMPROVEMENT OF FLICK NETWORK
THAT
THAT ARE
IMPROVEMENT OF FLICK NETWORK
THAT ARE ATTRIBUTE
THAT ARE ATTRIBUTE IT
IMPROVEMENT OF FLICK NETWORK
THAT ARE ATTRIBUTE IT TO
THAT ARE ATTRIBUTE IT TO OR
ALLOCABLE
ALLOCABLE TO
THAT ARE ATTRIBUTE IT TO OR
ALLOCABLE TO COMMERCIAL
TELECOMMUNICATION
TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES
RATHER
RATHER THAN
TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES
RATHER THAN ELECTRIC
RATHER THAN ELECTRIC UTILITY
SERVICES.
PLAINTIFFS
PLAINTIFFS REQUESTED
SERVICES.
PLAINTIFFS REQUESTED A
DECLARATORY
DECLARATORY JUDGMENT
PLAINTIFFS REQUESTED A
DECLARATORY JUDGMENT AND
DAMAGES
DAMAGES ROM
DECLARATORY JUDGMENT AND
DAMAGES ROM THE
DAMAGES ROM THE CITY.
AND
AND THOSE
DAMAGES ROM THE CITY.
AND THOSE DAMAGES
AND THOSE DAMAGES INCLUDED
ATTORNEY
ATTORNEY FEES.
THE
THE PIERCE
ATTORNEY FEES.
THE PIERCE COUNTY
THE PIERCE COUNTY SUPERIOR
COURT
COURT RULED
THE PIERCE COUNTY SUPERIOR
COURT RULED THAT
COURT RULED THAT ELECTRIC
REVENUES
REVENUES AND
COURT RULED THAT ELECTRIC
REVENUES AND FUNDS
REVENUES AND FUNDS CANNOT
COURT RULED THAT ELECTRIC
REVENUES AND FUNDS CANNOT BE
USED
USED TO
REVENUES AND FUNDS CANNOT BE
USED TO PAY
USED TO PAY CLICK
REVENUES AND FUNDS CANNOT BE
USED TO PAY CLICK NETWORK
EXPENSES.
THAT
THAT CASE
EXPENSES.
THAT CASE WAS
THAT CASE WAS APPEALED,
EXPENSES.
THAT CASE WAS APPEALED, THAT
DECISION
DECISION WAS
THAT CASE WAS APPEALED, THAT
DECISION WAS APPEALED
DECISION WAS APPEALED TO
THAT CASE WAS APPEALED, THAT
DECISION WAS APPEALED TO THE
COURT
COURT OF
DECISION WAS APPEALED TO THE
COURT OF APPEALS
COURT OF APPEALS AND
DECISION WAS APPEALED TO THE
COURT OF APPEALS AND DIVISION
COURT OF APPEALS AND DIVISION 2
OF
OF COURT
COURT OF APPEALS AND DIVISION 2
OF COURT OF
OF COURT OF APPEALS
COURT OF APPEALS AND DIVISION 2
OF COURT OF APPEALS REVERSED
THE
THE DECISION
OF COURT OF APPEALS REVERSED
THE DECISION FINDING
THE DECISION FINDING THAT
OF COURT OF APPEALS REVERSED
THE DECISION FINDING THAT CLICK
pNETWORK
pNETWORK IS
THE DECISION FINDING THAT CLICK
pNETWORK IS A
pNETWORK IS A BETTERMENT
THE DECISION FINDING THAT CLICK
pNETWORK IS A BETTERMENT OF
TACOMA
TACOMA POWER
pNETWORK IS A BETTERMENT OF
TACOMA POWER TELECOMMUNICATION
SYSTEM
SYSTEM AND
TACOMA POWER TELECOMMUNICATION
SYSTEM AND IT
SYSTEM AND IT RESULTED
TACOMA POWER TELECOMMUNICATION
SYSTEM AND IT RESULTED IN
SYSTEM AND IT RESULTED IN AN
EFFORT
EFFORT TO
SYSTEM AND IT RESULTED IN AN
EFFORT TO MAXIMIZE
EFFORT TO MAXIMIZE AND
SYSTEM AND IT RESULTED IN AN
EFFORT TO MAXIMIZE AND REDUCE
RATES
RATES AND
RATES AND CHARGES.
THE
THE SPRING
RATES AND CHARGES.
THE SPRING COURT
THE SPRING COURT DENIED
RATES AND CHARGES.
THE SPRING COURT DENIED THE
PLAINTIFF'S
PLAINTIFF'S REQUEST
THE SPRING COURT DENIED THE
PLAINTIFF'S REQUEST FOR
PLAINTIFF'S REQUEST FOR REVIEW
OF
OF THE
OF THE DECISION.
THE
THE COURT
OF THE DECISION.
THE COURT OF
THE COURT OF APPEALS
OF THE DECISION.
THE COURT OF APPEALS AND
THE COURT OF APPEALS AND THAT
DECISION
DECISION BECAME
THE COURT OF APPEALS AND THAT
DECISION BECAME FINAL
DECISION BECAME FINAL IN
THE COURT OF APPEALS AND THAT
DECISION BECAME FINAL IN JULY
2020.
THE
THE MATTER
2020.
THE MATTER WAS
THE MATTER WAS THEN
2020.
THE MATTER WAS THEN REMANDED
BACK
BACK TO
THE MATTER WAS THEN REMANDED
BACK TO SUPERIOR
BACK TO SUPERIOR COURT
THE MATTER WAS THEN REMANDED
BACK TO SUPERIOR COURT AND
BACK TO SUPERIOR COURT AND THE
PLAINTIFFS
PLAINTIFFS FILED
BACK TO SUPERIOR COURT AND THE
PLAINTIFFS FILED A
PLAINTIFFS FILED A MOTION
BACK TO SUPERIOR COURT AND THE
PLAINTIFFS FILED A MOTION FOR
AWARD
AWARD OF
PLAINTIFFS FILED A MOTION FOR
AWARD OF ATTORNEY
AWARD OF ATTORNEY FEES
PLAINTIFFS FILED A MOTION FOR
AWARD OF ATTORNEY FEES UNDER
WHAT
WHAT IS
AWARD OF ATTORNEY FEES UNDER
WHAT IS CALLED
WHAT IS CALLED THE
AWARD OF ATTORNEY FEES UNDER
WHAT IS CALLED THE COMMON
WHAT IS CALLED THE COMMON FUND
THEORY
THEORY ARGUING
WHAT IS CALLED THE COMMON FUND
THEORY ARGUING THAT
THEORY ARGUING THAT THE
WHAT IS CALLED THE COMMON FUND
THEORY ARGUING THAT THE LAWSUIT
SAVED
SAVED THE
THEORY ARGUING THAT THE LAWSUIT
SAVED THE CITY
SAVED THE CITY SUFFICIENT
THEORY ARGUING THAT THE LAWSUIT
SAVED THE CITY SUFFICIENT FUNDS
TO
TO JUSTIFY
SAVED THE CITY SUFFICIENT FUNDS
TO JUSTIFY A
TO JUSTIFY A SIGNIFICANT
ATTORNEY
ATTORNEY FEE
TO JUSTIFY A SIGNIFICANT
ATTORNEY FEE AWARD.HE
PLAINTIFF'S
PLAINTIFF'S MOTION
ATTORNEY FEE AWARD.HE
PLAINTIFF'S MOTION FOR
PLAINTIFF'S MOTION FOR ATTORNEY
FEES
FEES WAS
PLAINTIFF'S MOTION FOR ATTORNEY
FEES WAS DENIED
FEES WAS DENIED BY
PLAINTIFF'S MOTION FOR ATTORNEY
FEES WAS DENIED BY A
FEES WAS DENIED BY A SUPERIOR
COURT,
COURT, AND
FEES WAS DENIED BY A SUPERIOR
COURT, AND THAT
COURT, AND THAT DECISION
FEES WAS DENIED BY A SUPERIOR
COURT, AND THAT DECISION HAS
BEEN
BEEN APPEALED
COURT, AND THAT DECISION HAS
BEEN APPEALED TO
BEEN APPEALED TO THE
COURT, AND THAT DECISION HAS
BEEN APPEALED TO THE COURT
BEEN APPEALED TO THE COURT OF
APPEALS.
WE
WE ARE
APPEALS.
WE ARE CURRENTLY
WE ARE CURRENTLY IN
APPEALS.
WE ARE CURRENTLY IN FRONT
WE ARE CURRENTLY IN FRONT OF
THE
THE COURT
WE ARE CURRENTLY IN FRONT OF
THE COURT OF
THE COURT OF APPEALS.
THE
THE SETTLEMENT
THE COURT OF APPEALS.
THE SETTLEMENT PROPOSAL
THE SETTLEMENT PROPOSAL THAT
THE COURT OF APPEALS.
THE SETTLEMENT PROPOSAL THAT IS
BEFORE
BEFORE THE
THE SETTLEMENT PROPOSAL THAT IS
BEFORE THE BOARD
BEFORE THE BOARD WOULD
THE SETTLEMENT PROPOSAL THAT IS
BEFORE THE BOARD WOULD SETTLE
THE
THE ENTIRE
THE ENTIRE CASE.
ALL
ALL MATTERS,
THE ENTIRE CASE.
ALL MATTERS, INCLUDING
ALL MATTERS, INCLUDING THE
ATTORNEY
ATTORNEY FEE
ALL MATTERS, INCLUDING THE
ATTORNEY FEE CASE,
ATTORNEY FEE CASE, AND
ALL MATTERS, INCLUDING THE
ATTORNEY FEE CASE, AND ATTORNEY
FEE
FEE CLAIM,
ATTORNEY FEE CASE, AND ATTORNEY
FEE CLAIM, THE
FEE CLAIM, THE $183,000
ATTORNEY FEE CASE, AND ATTORNEY
FEE CLAIM, THE $183,000 IS
FEE CLAIM, THE $183,000 IS THE
ENTIRE
ENTIRE AMOUNT,
FEE CLAIM, THE $183,000 IS THE
ENTIRE AMOUNT, AND
ENTIRE AMOUNT, AND THAT
FEE CLAIM, THE $183,000 IS THE
ENTIRE AMOUNT, AND THAT AMOUNT
WILL
WILL BE
ENTIRE AMOUNT, AND THAT AMOUNT
WILL BE COVERED
WILL BE COVERED BY
ENTIRE AMOUNT, AND THAT AMOUNT
WILL BE COVERED BY THE
WILL BE COVERED BY THE CITY'S
INSURANCE
INSURANCE CARRIERS.
>>
>>THANK
>>THANK YOU
>>THANK YOU ,
>>THANK YOU , THAT'S
>>THANK YOU , THAT'S A
>>THANK YOU , THAT'S A GOOD
SUMMATION.
IT'S
IT'S A
SUMMATION.
IT'S A LONG
IT'S A LONG PORTRAIT
IT'S A LONG PORTRAIT HISTORY.
DO
DO ANY
IT'S A LONG PORTRAIT HISTORY.
DO ANY OTHER
DO ANY OTHER MEMBERS
IT'S A LONG PORTRAIT HISTORY.
DO ANY OTHER MEMBERS HAVE
DO ANY OTHER MEMBERS HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS?
>>
>> AND
>> AND THAN
>> AND THAN THE
>> AND THAN THE LAST
>> AND THAN THE LAST PART
>> AND THAN THE LAST PART IS
>> AND THAN THE LAST PART IS IF
THE
THE BOARD
>> AND THAN THE LAST PART IS IF
THE BOARD APPROVES
THE BOARD APPROVES THIS,
>> AND THAN THE LAST PART IS IF
THE BOARD APPROVES THIS, THIS
WILL
WILL GO
THE BOARD APPROVES THIS, THIS
WILL GO BEFORE
WILL GO BEFORE THE
THE BOARD APPROVES THIS, THIS
WILL GO BEFORE THE CITY
WILL GO BEFORE THE CITY COUNCIL
.
>>
>> I
>> I HAVE
>> I HAVE NO
>> I HAVE NO QUESTIONS
>> I HAVE NO QUESTIONS EITHER.
WE
WE DID
>> I HAVE NO QUESTIONS EITHER.
WE DID RECEIVE
WE DID RECEIVE INFORMATION
>> I HAVE NO QUESTIONS EITHER.
WE DID RECEIVE INFORMATION ON
THIS
THIS IN
WE DID RECEIVE INFORMATION ON
THIS IN THE
THIS IN THE PRIOR
WE DID RECEIVE INFORMATION ON
THIS IN THE PRIOR SESSION,
THIS IN THE PRIOR SESSION, SO
WE
WE ARE
THIS IN THE PRIOR SESSION, SO
WE ARE GOOD
WE ARE GOOD TO
WE ARE GOOD TO GO.
ALL
ALL IN
WE ARE GOOD TO GO.
ALL IN FAVOR
ALL IN FAVOR OF
WE ARE GOOD TO GO.
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE MOTION
SIGNIFY
SIGNIFY BY
ALL IN FAVOR OF THE MOTION
SIGNIFY BY SAYING
SIGNIFY BY SAYING AYE.
>>
>> AYE.
>> AND
>> AND THAT
>> AND THAT MOTION
>> AND THAT MOTION PASSES.
SO,
SO, WITH
>> AND THAT MOTION PASSES.
SO, WITH THAT
SO, WITH THAT KIND
>> AND THAT MOTION PASSES.
SO, WITH THAT KIND OF
SO, WITH THAT KIND OF SPEEDY
ROLE
ROLE THROUGH
SO, WITH THAT KIND OF SPEEDY
ROLE THROUGH THE
ROLE THROUGH THE REGULAR
AGENDA,
AGENDA, WE
ROLE THROUGH THE REGULAR
AGENDA, WE ARE
AGENDA, WE ARE ONTO
ROLE THROUGH THE REGULAR
AGENDA, WE ARE ONTO REPORTS
AGENDA, WE ARE ONTO REPORTS OF
THE
THE DIRECTOR.
DIRECTOR
DIRECTOR FLOWERS
THE DIRECTOR.
DIRECTOR FLOWERS,
DIRECTOR FLOWERS, YOU
THE DIRECTOR.
DIRECTOR FLOWERS, YOU HAVE
DIRECTOR FLOWERS, YOU HAVE THE
FLOOR.
>>
>> THANK
>> THANK YOU,
>> THANK YOU, CHAIR
>> THANK YOU, CHAIR PATTERSON,
AND
AND MEMBERS
>> THANK YOU, CHAIR PATTERSON,
AND MEMBERS OF
AND MEMBERS OF THE
AND MEMBERS OF THE BOARD.
AS
AS HAS
AND MEMBERS OF THE BOARD.
AS HAS BEEN
AS HAS BEEN CUSTOMARY
AND MEMBERS OF THE BOARD.
AS HAS BEEN CUSTOMARY FOR
ALMOST
ALMOST 2
AS HAS BEEN CUSTOMARY FOR
ALMOST 2 YEARS
ALMOST 2 YEARS NOW,
AS HAS BEEN CUSTOMARY FOR
ALMOST 2 YEARS NOW, I
ALMOST 2 YEARS NOW, I WILL
BEGIN
BEGIN REPORTS
ALMOST 2 YEARS NOW, I WILL
BEGIN REPORTS FROM
BEGIN REPORTS FROM DIRECTORS
WITH
WITH UPDATES
BEGIN REPORTS FROM DIRECTORS
WITH UPDATES ON
WITH UPDATES ON OUR
BEGIN REPORTS FROM DIRECTORS
WITH UPDATES ON OUR COVID-19
PANDEMIC
PANDEMIC RESPONSE.
OTHER
OTHER THAN
PANDEMIC RESPONSE.
OTHER THAN AN
OTHER THAN AN UPTICK
PANDEMIC RESPONSE.
OTHER THAN AN UPTICK IN
POSITIVE
POSITIVE CASES
OTHER THAN AN UPTICK IN
POSITIVE CASES INTERNALLY,
CONSISTENT
CONSISTENT WITH
POSITIVE CASES INTERNALLY,
CONSISTENT WITH WHAT
CONSISTENT WITH WHAT WE
POSITIVE CASES INTERNALLY,
CONSISTENT WITH WHAT WE ARE
SEEING
SEEING IN
CONSISTENT WITH WHAT WE ARE
SEEING IN GENERAL
SEEING IN GENERAL IN
CONSISTENT WITH WHAT WE ARE
SEEING IN GENERAL IN TERMS
SEEING IN GENERAL IN TERMS OF
COUNT
COUNT INCREASES
SEEING IN GENERAL IN TERMS OF
COUNT INCREASES IN
COUNT INCREASES IN THE
SEEING IN GENERAL IN TERMS OF
COUNT INCREASES IN THE COUNTY,
THERE'S
THERE'S NOT
COUNT INCREASES IN THE COUNTY,
THERE'S NOT MUCH
THERE'S NOT MUCH TO
COUNT INCREASES IN THE COUNTY,
THERE'S NOT MUCH TO REPORT
THERE'S NOT MUCH TO REPORT FROM
AN
AN OPERATIONAL
AN OPERATIONAL STANDPOINT.
TODAY'S
TODAY'S REPORT
AN OPERATIONAL STANDPOINT.
TODAY'S REPORT WILL
TODAY'S REPORT WILL BE
TODAY'S REPORT WILL BE BRIEF.
THE
THE CITY
TODAY'S REPORT WILL BE BRIEF.
THE CITY MANAGER
THE CITY MANAGER AND
TODAY'S REPORT WILL BE BRIEF.
THE CITY MANAGER AND I
THE CITY MANAGER AND I WILL
TODAY'S REPORT WILL BE BRIEF.
THE CITY MANAGER AND I WILL BE
EXPANDING
EXPANDING WORK
THE CITY MANAGER AND I WILL BE
EXPANDING WORK THROUGH
EXPANDING WORK THROUGH MARCH.
THAT
THAT INFORMATION
EXPANDING WORK THROUGH MARCH.
THAT INFORMATION WILL
THAT INFORMATION WILL BE
EXPANDING WORK THROUGH MARCH.
THAT INFORMATION WILL BE COMING
TO
TO EMPLOYEES
THAT INFORMATION WILL BE COMING
TO EMPLOYEES TOMORROW
TO EMPLOYEES TOMORROW IN
THAT INFORMATION WILL BE COMING
TO EMPLOYEES TOMORROW IN AN
EMAIL.
AS
AS HAS
EMAIL.
AS HAS BEEN
AS HAS BEEN OUR
EMAIL.
AS HAS BEEN OUR PRACTICE
AS HAS BEEN OUR PRACTICE SINCE
INVOKING
INVOKING MANDATORY
AS HAS BEEN OUR PRACTICE SINCE
INVOKING MANDATORY TELEWORK
INVOKING MANDATORY TELEWORK AS
WE
WE GET
INVOKING MANDATORY TELEWORK AS
WE GET CLOSER
WE GET CLOSER TO
INVOKING MANDATORY TELEWORK AS
WE GET CLOSER TO THE
WE GET CLOSER TO THE NEXT
MILESTONE
MILESTONE DATE
WE GET CLOSER TO THE NEXT
MILESTONE DATE WE
MILESTONE DATE WE WILL
WE GET CLOSER TO THE NEXT
MILESTONE DATE WE WILL BE
EVALUATING
EVALUATING CASES
MILESTONE DATE WE WILL BE
EVALUATING CASES AND
CIRCUMSTANCES
CIRCUMSTANCES AT
EVALUATING CASES AND
CIRCUMSTANCES AT THAT
CIRCUMSTANCES AT THAT TIME.
SOME
SOME TIME
CIRCUMSTANCES AT THAT TIME.
SOME TIME MID
SOME TIME MID MARCH
CIRCUMSTANCES AT THAT TIME.
SOME TIME MID MARCH TO
DETERMINE
DETERMINE WHETHER
SOME TIME MID MARCH TO
DETERMINE WHETHER AN
DETERMINE WHETHER AN ADDITIONAL
EXTENSION
EXTENSION IS
DETERMINE WHETHER AN ADDITIONAL
EXTENSION IS NECESSARY
EXTENSION IS NECESSARY OR
DETERMINE WHETHER AN ADDITIONAL
EXTENSION IS NECESSARY OR IF
EXTENSION IS NECESSARY OR IF WE
CAN
CAN PUBLISH
EXTENSION IS NECESSARY OR IF WE
CAN PUBLISH AN
CAN PUBLISH AN UPDATED
RECONSTITUTION
RECONSTITUTION PLAN
CAN PUBLISH AN UPDATED
RECONSTITUTION PLAN AND
TIMELINE.
AND,
AND, OF
TIMELINE.
AND, OF COURSE,
AND, OF COURSE, KEEPING
TIMELINE.
AND, OF COURSE, KEEPING IN
AND, OF COURSE, KEEPING IN MIND
ABOUT
ABOUT HALF
AND, OF COURSE, KEEPING IN MIND
ABOUT HALF OF
ABOUT HALF OF OUR
AND, OF COURSE, KEEPING IN MIND
ABOUT HALF OF OUR EMPLOYEES
ABOUT HALF OF OUR EMPLOYEES DO
CONTAIN
CONTAIN THE
ABOUT HALF OF OUR EMPLOYEES DO
CONTAIN THE REPORT
CONTAIN THE REPORT TO
ABOUT HALF OF OUR EMPLOYEES DO
CONTAIN THE REPORT TO JOBSITES
AND
AND FAILED
CONTAIN THE REPORT TO JOBSITES
AND FAILED TO
AND FAILED TO CONDUCT
CONTAIN THE REPORT TO JOBSITES
AND FAILED TO CONDUCT THEIR
WORK
WORK AND
AND FAILED TO CONDUCT THEIR
WORK AND JUST
WORK AND JUST WANT
AND FAILED TO CONDUCT THEIR
WORK AND JUST WANT TO
ACKNOWLEDGE
ACKNOWLEDGE AND
WORK AND JUST WANT TO
ACKNOWLEDGE AND APPRECIATE
ACKNOWLEDGE AND APPRECIATE THAT
GROUP
GROUP THAT
ACKNOWLEDGE AND APPRECIATE THAT
GROUP THAT HAS
GROUP THAT HAS CONTINUED
ACKNOWLEDGE AND APPRECIATE THAT
GROUP THAT HAS CONTINUED TO
MOVE
MOVE FORWARD
GROUP THAT HAS CONTINUED TO
MOVE FORWARD WITH
MOVE FORWARD WITH OPERATIONS
GROUP THAT HAS CONTINUED TO
MOVE FORWARD WITH OPERATIONS IN
PERSON
PERSON THROUGH
MOVE FORWARD WITH OPERATIONS IN
PERSON THROUGH THIS
PERSON THROUGH THIS PANDEMIC.
WE
WE CONTINUE
PERSON THROUGH THIS PANDEMIC.
WE CONTINUE TO
WE CONTINUE TO FOLLOW
PERSON THROUGH THIS PANDEMIC.
WE CONTINUE TO FOLLOW EXISTING
DIRECTIVES,
DIRECTIVES, INCLUDING
COMPLIANCE
COMPLIANCE WITH
DIRECTIVES, INCLUDING
COMPLIANCE WITH PPE
COMPLIANCE WITH PPE FACE
COVERINGS,
COVERINGS, ETC.,
COMPLIANCE WITH PPE FACE
COVERINGS, ETC., AND
COVERINGS, ETC., AND OTHER
GUIDELINES
GUIDELINES TO
COVERINGS, ETC., AND OTHER
GUIDELINES TO ENSURE
GUIDELINES TO ENSURE EMPLOYEE
CUSTOMER
CUSTOMER SAFETY,
GUIDELINES TO ENSURE EMPLOYEE
CUSTOMER SAFETY, WHICH
CUSTOMER SAFETY, WHICH HAS
GUIDELINES TO ENSURE EMPLOYEE
CUSTOMER SAFETY, WHICH HAS BEEN
OUR
OUR PRIMARY
CUSTOMER SAFETY, WHICH HAS BEEN
OUR PRIMARY FOCUS
OUR PRIMARY FOCUS THROUGH
CUSTOMER SAFETY, WHICH HAS BEEN
OUR PRIMARY FOCUS THROUGH THE
PANDEMIC.
EMERGENCY
EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT,
PANDEMIC.
EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT, HUMAN
RESOURCES,
RESOURCES, AND
EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT, HUMAN
RESOURCES, AND LABOR
RESOURCES, AND LABOR ARE
EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT, HUMAN
RESOURCES, AND LABOR ARE IN
DISCUSSIONS
DISCUSSIONS REGARDING
RESOURCES, AND LABOR ARE IN
DISCUSSIONS REGARDING MY
DISCUSSIONS REGARDING MY LATEST
RECOMMENDATIONS
RECOMMENDATIONS REGARDING
DISCUSSIONS REGARDING MY LATEST
RECOMMENDATIONS REGARDING TO
QUARANTINE
QUARANTINE TIMELINE
RECOMMENDATIONS REGARDING TO
QUARANTINE TIMELINE FROM
QUARANTINE TIMELINE FROM THE
PIERCE
PIERCE COUNTY
QUARANTINE TIMELINE FROM THE
PIERCE COUNTY HEALTH
PIERCE COUNTY HEALTH DEPARTMENT
FOLLOWING
FOLLOWING CDC
FOLLOWING CDC GUIDELINES.
WE
WE MAY
FOLLOWING CDC GUIDELINES.
WE MAY HAVE
WE MAY HAVE SOME
FOLLOWING CDC GUIDELINES.
WE MAY HAVE SOME ADJUSTMENTS
WE MAY HAVE SOME ADJUSTMENTS TO
THAT
THAT FORTHCOMING.
ALL
ALL OTHER
THAT FORTHCOMING.
ALL OTHER OPERATING
ALL OTHER OPERATING PROTOCOLS
REMAIN
REMAIN IN
ALL OTHER OPERATING PROTOCOLS
REMAIN IN PLACE
REMAIN IN PLACE AS
ALL OTHER OPERATING PROTOCOLS
REMAIN IN PLACE AS REPORTED
REMAIN IN PLACE AS REPORTED IN
DECEMBER.
WE
WE CONTINUE
DECEMBER.
WE CONTINUE TO
WE CONTINUE TO WORK
DECEMBER.
WE CONTINUE TO WORK THROUGH
SUPPLYING
SUPPLYING CHAIN
WE CONTINUE TO WORK THROUGH
SUPPLYING CHAIN ISSUES
SUPPLYING CHAIN ISSUES AS
PREVIOUSLY
PREVIOUSLY RECORDED.
THERE'S
THERE'S BEEN
PREVIOUSLY RECORDED.
THERE'S BEEN NO
THERE'S BEEN NO EASING
PREVIOUSLY RECORDED.
THERE'S BEEN NO EASING OF
THERE'S BEEN NO EASING OFSUPPLY
CHAIN
CHAIN ,
THERE'S BEEN NO EASING OFSUPPLY
CHAIN , BUT
CHAIN , BUT THE
THERE'S BEEN NO EASING OFSUPPLY
CHAIN , BUT THE TEAM
CHAIN , BUT THE TEAM IS
ACTIVELY
ACTIVELY ENGAGED
CHAIN , BUT THE TEAM IS
ACTIVELY ENGAGED IN
ACTIVELY ENGAGED IN THIS
CHAIN , BUT THE TEAM IS
ACTIVELY ENGAGED IN THIS AND
WORKING
WORKING TO
ACTIVELY ENGAGED IN THIS AND
WORKING TO MITIGATE
WORKING TO MITIGATE RISKS
ACTIVELY ENGAGED IN THIS AND
WORKING TO MITIGATE RISKS AND
CONTINUE
CONTINUE TO
WORKING TO MITIGATE RISKS AND
CONTINUE TO KEEP
CONTINUE TO KEEP COMMUNICATIONS
OPEN
OPEN WITH
CONTINUE TO KEEP COMMUNICATIONS
OPEN WITH THE
OPEN WITH THE VENDOR.
THE
THE PROJECT
OPEN WITH THE VENDOR.
THE PROJECT IS
THE PROJECT IS CONTINUING
OPEN WITH THE VENDOR.
THE PROJECT IS CONTINUING TO
PROGRESS
PROGRESS,
THE PROJECT IS CONTINUING TO
PROGRESS, OBVIOUSLY
PROGRESS, OBVIOUSLY SLOWER.
T'S
T'S NOW
PROGRESS, OBVIOUSLY SLOWER.
T'S NOW AT
T'S NOW AT A
PROGRESS, OBVIOUSLY SLOWER.
T'S NOW AT A SLOWER
DEPLOYMENT
DEPLOYMENT RATE.
WE
WE HAVE
DEPLOYMENT RATE.
WE HAVE MORE
WE HAVE MORE THAN
DEPLOYMENT RATE.
WE HAVE MORE THAN 82,000
WE HAVE MORE THAN 82,000 HOURS
AND
AND METERS
WE HAVE MORE THAN 82,000 HOURS
AND METERS HAVE
AND METERS HAVE BEEN
WE HAVE MORE THAN 82,000 HOURS
AND METERS HAVE BEEN CHANGED
OUT
OUT .
AND METERS HAVE BEEN CHANGED
OUT . WATER
OUT . WATER AVAILABILITY
AND METERS HAVE BEEN CHANGED
OUT . WATER AVAILABILITY IS
OUT . WATER AVAILABILITY IS A
CURRENT
CURRENT CRITICAL
OUT . WATER AVAILABILITY IS A
CURRENT CRITICAL PATH
CONSTRAINT
CONSTRAINT TO
CURRENT CRITICAL PATH
CONSTRAINT TO THE
CONSTRAINT TO THE PROJECT.
AS
AS A
CONSTRAINT TO THE PROJECT.
AS A RESULT,
AS A RESULT, TACOMA
CONSTRAINT TO THE PROJECT.
AS A RESULT, TACOMA WATER
AS A RESULT, TACOMA WATER TEAM
IS
IS WORKING
AS A RESULT, TACOMA WATER TEAM
IS WORKING TO
IS WORKING TO PROCURE
ALTERNATIVE
ALTERNATIVE METERS
IS WORKING TO PROCURE
ALTERNATIVE METERS THAT
ALTERNATIVE METERS THAT WILL
IS WORKING TO PROCURE
ALTERNATIVE METERS THAT WILL BE
COMPATIBLE
COMPATIBLE WITH
ALTERNATIVE METERS THAT WILL BE
COMPATIBLE WITH THE
COMPATIBLE WITH THE OVERALL
DESIRED
DESIRED PROJECT
DESIRED PROJECT OUTCOME.
WE
WE WILL
DESIRED PROJECT OUTCOME.
WE WILL JUST
WE WILL JUST CONTINUE
DESIRED PROJECT OUTCOME.
WE WILL JUST CONTINUE TO
PROVIDE
PROVIDE UPDATES
WE WILL JUST CONTINUE TO
PROVIDE UPDATES TO
PROVIDE UPDATES TO YOU
WE WILL JUST CONTINUE TO
PROVIDE UPDATES TO YOU ALL
PROVIDE UPDATES TO YOU ALL ON
THAT
THAT AS
PROVIDE UPDATES TO YOU ALL ON
THAT AS IT
THAT AS IT PROGRESSES.
RELATED
RELATED TO
THAT AS IT PROGRESSES.
RELATED TO CUSTOMER
RELATED TO CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS
AND
AND SUPPORTING
RELATED TO CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS
AND SUPPORTING OUR
AND SUPPORTING OUR CUSTOMERS
RELATED TO CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS
AND SUPPORTING OUR CUSTOMERS IN
THE
THE POST
AND SUPPORTING OUR CUSTOMERS IN
THE POST PANDEMIC
THE POST PANDEMIC RECOVERY,
STAFF
STAFF IS
THE POST PANDEMIC RECOVERY,
STAFF IS PUTTING
STAFF IS PUTTING FINAL
THE POST PANDEMIC RECOVERY,
STAFF IS PUTTING FINAL TOUCHES
ON
ON OUR
STAFF IS PUTTING FINAL TOUCHES
ON OUR ANTICIPATED
ON OUR ANTICIPATED CUSTOMER
ENGAGEMENT
ENGAGEMENT STRATEGY
ON OUR ANTICIPATED CUSTOMER
ENGAGEMENT STRATEGY IN
ENGAGEMENT STRATEGY IN THE
COMING
COMING MONTHS
ENGAGEMENT STRATEGY IN THE
COMING MONTHS AND
COMING MONTHS AND WE
ENGAGEMENT STRATEGY IN THE
COMING MONTHS AND WE DID
PROVIDE
PROVIDE A
COMING MONTHS AND WE DID
PROVIDE A HIGH-LEVEL
PROVIDE A HIGH-LEVEL OVERVIEW
OF
OF THE
PROVIDE A HIGH-LEVEL OVERVIEW
OF THE STATUS
OF THE STATUS OF
PROVIDE A HIGH-LEVEL OVERVIEW
OF THE STATUS OF ACCOUNTS
OF THE STATUS OF ACCOUNTS LAST
MEETING,
MEETING, AS
OF THE STATUS OF ACCOUNTS LAST
MEETING, AS WELL
MEETING, AS WELL AS
OF THE STATUS OF ACCOUNTS LAST
MEETING, AS WELL AS A
HIGH-LEVEL
HIGH-LEVEL OVERVIEW
MEETING, AS WELL AS A
HIGH-LEVEL OVERVIEW OF
HIGH-LEVEL OVERVIEW OF OUR
MEETING, AS WELL AS A
HIGH-LEVEL OVERVIEW OF OUR PLAN
GOING
GOING FORWARD.E
HIGH-LEVEL OVERVIEW OF OUR PLAN
GOING FORWARD.E HOPE
GOING FORWARD.E HOPE TO
HIGH-LEVEL OVERVIEW OF OUR PLAN
GOING FORWARD.E HOPE TO HAVE
THAT
THAT WORK
GOING FORWARD.E HOPE TO HAVE
THAT WORK COMPLETED
THAT WORK COMPLETED AND
GOING FORWARD.E HOPE TO HAVE
THAT WORK COMPLETED AND HAVE
THAT WORK COMPLETED AND HAVE A
PLAN
PLAN NEXT
THAT WORK COMPLETED AND HAVE A
PLAN NEXT WEEK
PLAN NEXT WEEK TO
THAT WORK COMPLETED AND HAVE A
PLAN NEXT WEEK TO BRIEF
PLAN NEXT WEEK TO BRIEF YOU
THAT WORK COMPLETED AND HAVE A
PLAN NEXT WEEK TO BRIEF YOU IN
GREATER
GREATER DETAIL.
SO,
SO, THERE
GREATER DETAIL.
SO, THERE HAS
SO, THERE HAS NOT
GREATER DETAIL.
SO, THERE HAS NOT BEEN
SO, THERE HAS NOT BEEN A
DECLINE
DECLINE IN
SO, THERE HAS NOT BEEN A
DECLINE IN ACCOUNT
DECLINE IN ACCOUNT BALANCES.
I
I THINK
DECLINE IN ACCOUNT BALANCES.
I THINK OUR
I THINK OUR LATEST
DECLINE IN ACCOUNT BALANCES.
I THINK OUR LATEST ACCOUNT
I THINK OUR LATEST ACCOUNT IS
SHOWING
SHOWING THE
I THINK OUR LATEST ACCOUNT IS
SHOWING THE 30
SHOWING THE 30 MILLION
SHOWING THE 30 MILLION MARK.
WE
WE ARE
SHOWING THE 30 MILLION MARK.
WE ARE CONTINUING
WE ARE CONTINUING TO
SHOWING THE 30 MILLION MARK.
WE ARE CONTINUING TO SEE
WE ARE CONTINUING TO SEE A
SLIGHT
SLIGHT UPTICK.
I
I WOULD
SLIGHT UPTICK.
I WOULD BE
I WOULD BE HAPPY
SLIGHT UPTICK.
I WOULD BE HAPPY TO
I WOULD BE HAPPY TO ANSWER
SLIGHT UPTICK.
I WOULD BE HAPPY TO ANSWER ANY
QUESTIONS
QUESTIONS YOU
QUESTIONS YOU HAVE.
>>
>> I
QUESTIONS YOU HAVE.
>> I HAVE
>> I HAVE ONE
QUESTIONS YOU HAVE.
>> I HAVE ONE QUESTION,
>> I HAVE ONE QUESTION, CHAIR.
I
I REMEMBER
>> I HAVE ONE QUESTION, CHAIR.
I REMEMBER THERE
I REMEMBER THERE WAS
>> I HAVE ONE QUESTION, CHAIR.
I REMEMBER THERE WAS SOME
I REMEMBER THERE WAS SOME MORE
BEING
BEING DONE
I REMEMBER THERE WAS SOME MORE
BEING DONE ABOUT
INSTITUTIONALIZING
INSTITUTIONALIZING WORK
BEING DONE ABOUT
INSTITUTIONALIZING WORK FROM
HOME
HOME IN
INSTITUTIONALIZING WORK FROM
HOME IN THE
HOME IN THE LONG
INSTITUTIONALIZING WORK FROM
HOME IN THE LONG RUN
HOME IN THE LONG RUN.
IN
IN THE
HOME IN THE LONG RUN.
IN THE TIMEFRAME
IN THE TIMEFRAME WE
HOME IN THE LONG RUN.
IN THE TIMEFRAME WE THOUGHT
THIS
THIS WOULD
IN THE TIMEFRAME WE THOUGHT
THIS WOULD BE
THIS WOULD BE THE
IN THE TIMEFRAME WE THOUGHT
THIS WOULD BE THE LONG
THIS WOULD BE THE LONG RUN
THIS WOULD BE THE LONG RUN.
NOW
NOW WE
THIS WOULD BE THE LONG RUN.
NOW WE ARE
NOW WE ARE STILL
THIS WOULD BE THE LONG RUN.
NOW WE ARE STILL IN
NOW WE ARE STILL IN COVID.
HOW
HOW ARE
NOW WE ARE STILL IN COVID.
HOW ARE THOSE
HOW ARE THOSE CONVERSATIONS
GOING
GOING GIVEN
HOW ARE THOSE CONVERSATIONS
GOING GIVEN THE
GOING GIVEN THE COMPLEXITY
HOW ARE THOSE CONVERSATIONS
GOING GIVEN THE COMPLEXITY YOU
ALL
ALL ARE
GOING GIVEN THE COMPLEXITY YOU
ALL ARE DEALING
ALL ARE DEALING WITH?
>>
>> THAT'S
>> THAT'S A
>> THAT'S A GREAT
>> THAT'S A GREAT POINT.
LONG
LONG RUN
>> THAT'S A GREAT POINT.
LONG RUN IS
LONG RUN IS IN
>> THAT'S A GREAT POINT.
LONG RUN IS IN THE
LONG RUN IS IN THE EYE
>> THAT'S A GREAT POINT.
LONG RUN IS IN THE EYE OF
LONG RUN IS IN THE EYE OF THE
pBEHOLDER,
pBEHOLDER, RIGHT?
THE
THE CITY
pBEHOLDER, RIGHT?
THE CITY TO
THE CITY TO COMPLETE
pBEHOLDER, RIGHT?
THE CITY TO COMPLETE ITS
THE CITY TO COMPLETE ITS UPDATE
TO
TO THEIR
THE CITY TO COMPLETE ITS UPDATE
TO THEIR TELEWORK
TO THEIR TELEWORK POLICY
THE CITY TO COMPLETE ITS UPDATE
TO THEIR TELEWORK POLICY POST
PANDEMIC.
ONCE
ONCE THE
PANDEMIC.
ONCE THE MANDATORY
ONCE THE MANDATORY TELEWORK
PANDEMIC.
ONCE THE MANDATORY TELEWORK IS
SUNSET
SUNSET IT,
ONCE THE MANDATORY TELEWORK IS
SUNSET IT, WE
SUNSET IT, WE WILL
ONCE THE MANDATORY TELEWORK IS
SUNSET IT, WE WILL TRANSITION
TO
TO THE
SUNSET IT, WE WILL TRANSITION
TO THE NEW
TO THE NEW TELEWORK
SUNSET IT, WE WILL TRANSITION
TO THE NEW TELEWORK POLICY
TO THE NEW TELEWORK POLICY FOR
THOSE
THOSE THAT
TO THE NEW TELEWORK POLICY FOR
THOSE THAT ARE
THOSE THAT ARE ABLE
TO THE NEW TELEWORK POLICY FOR
THOSE THAT ARE ABLE TO
TELEWORK.
THERE'S
THERE'S MAXIMUM
TELEWORK.
THERE'S MAXIMUM FLEXIBILITY
THERE'S MAXIMUM FLEXIBILITY IN
THEIR
THEIR FOR
THERE'S MAXIMUM FLEXIBILITY IN
THEIR FOR WORKGROUPS
THEIR FOR WORKGROUPS TO
THERE'S MAXIMUM FLEXIBILITY IN
THEIR FOR WORKGROUPS TO REALLY
CENTER
CENTER THEIR
THEIR FOR WORKGROUPS TO REALLY
CENTER THEIR NEEDS
CENTER THEIR NEEDS AROUND
THEIR FOR WORKGROUPS TO REALLY
CENTER THEIR NEEDS AROUND THE
BUSINESS
BUSINESS NEED,
CENTER THEIR NEEDS AROUND THE
BUSINESS NEED, AROUND
BUSINESS NEED, AROUND THE
CUSTOMERS,
CUSTOMERS, AND
BUSINESS NEED, AROUND THE
CUSTOMERS, AND AROUND
CUSTOMERS, AND AROUND THE
EMPLOYEE
EMPLOYEE NEED.
IT'S
IT'S DEFINITELY
EMPLOYEE NEED.
IT'S DEFINITELY A
IT'S DEFINITELY A BALANCING
ACT.
MANAGERS
MANAGERS HAVE
ACT.
MANAGERS HAVE BEEN
MANAGERS HAVE BEEN WORKING
THROUGH
THROUGH THOSE
MANAGERS HAVE BEEN WORKING
THROUGH THOSE CONVERSATIONS
WITH
WITH EMPLOYEES
THROUGH THOSE CONVERSATIONS
WITH EMPLOYEES AT
WITH EMPLOYEES AT TPO
THROUGH THOSE CONVERSATIONS
WITH EMPLOYEES AT TPO THEY
WITH EMPLOYEES AT TPO THEY HAVE
TURNED
TURNED IN
WITH EMPLOYEES AT TPO THEY HAVE
TURNED IN THE
TURNED IN THE INITIAL
WITH EMPLOYEES AT TPO THEY HAVE
TURNED IN THE INITIAL DOCUMENTS
RELATED
RELATED TO
TURNED IN THE INITIAL DOCUMENTS
RELATED TO TELEWORK
RELATED TO TELEWORK POST
PANDEMIC,
PANDEMIC, AND
RELATED TO TELEWORK POST
PANDEMIC, AND THAT
PANDEMIC, AND THAT INFORMATION
IS
IS BEING
PANDEMIC, AND THAT INFORMATION
IS BEING USED
IS BEING USED BY
PANDEMIC, AND THAT INFORMATION
IS BEING USED BY EMERGENCY
MANAGEMENT
MANAGEMENT ULTIMATELY
IS BEING USED BY EMERGENCY
MANAGEMENT ULTIMATELY THING
ABOUT
ABOUT THE
MANAGEMENT ULTIMATELY THING
ABOUT THE LOGISTICS
ABOUT THE LOGISTICS AROUND
RECONSTITUTION.
OF
OF COURSE
RECONSTITUTION.
OF COURSE WE
OF COURSE WE DON'T
RECONSTITUTION.
OF COURSE WE DON'T REALLY
OF COURSE WE DON'T REALLY KNOW
WHAT
WHAT THE
OF COURSE WE DON'T REALLY KNOW
WHAT THE GUIDELINES
WHAT THE GUIDELINES WILL
OF COURSE WE DON'T REALLY KNOW
WHAT THE GUIDELINES WILL BE
WHAT THE GUIDELINES WILL BE AT
THE
THE POINT
WHAT THE GUIDELINES WILL BE AT
THE POINT WE
THE POINT WE ARE
WHAT THE GUIDELINES WILL BE AT
THE POINT WE ARE ABLE
THE POINT WE ARE ABLE TO
WHAT THE GUIDELINES WILL BE AT
THE POINT WE ARE ABLE TO MOVE
FORWARD
FORWARD INTO
THE POINT WE ARE ABLE TO MOVE
FORWARD INTO RECONSTITUTION
BECAUSE
BECAUSE THOSE
FORWARD INTO RECONSTITUTION
BECAUSE THOSE HAVE
BECAUSE THOSE HAVE CONTINUED
FORWARD INTO RECONSTITUTION
BECAUSE THOSE HAVE CONTINUED TO
CHANGE
CHANGE THE
BECAUSE THOSE HAVE CONTINUED TO
CHANGE THE PANDEMIC,
CHANGE THE PANDEMIC, BUT
BECAUSE THOSE HAVE CONTINUED TO
CHANGE THE PANDEMIC, BUT THIS
ADDITIONAL
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
CHANGE THE PANDEMIC, BUT THIS
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WILL
HELP
HELP US
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WILL
HELP US UNDERSTAND
HELP US UNDERSTAND WHERE
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WILL
HELP US UNDERSTAND WHERE WE
POTENTIALLY
POTENTIALLY HAVE
HELP US UNDERSTAND WHERE WE
POTENTIALLY HAVE POCKETS
POTENTIALLY HAVE POCKETS OF
EMPLOYEES
EMPLOYEES REPORTING
POTENTIALLY HAVE POCKETS OF
EMPLOYEES REPORTING TO
EMPLOYEES REPORTING TO THE
JOBSITE
JOBSITE AND
EMPLOYEES REPORTING TO THE
JOBSITE AND WE
JOBSITE AND WE CAN
EMPLOYEES REPORTING TO THE
JOBSITE AND WE CAN MAKE
PHYSICAL
PHYSICAL ADJUSTMENTS
JOBSITE AND WE CAN MAKE
PHYSICAL ADJUSTMENTS WERE
PHYSICAL ADJUSTMENTS WERE MOVE
EMPLOYEES
EMPLOYEES AS
PHYSICAL ADJUSTMENTS WERE MOVE
EMPLOYEES AS WE
EMPLOYEES AS WE NEED
PHYSICAL ADJUSTMENTS WERE MOVE
EMPLOYEES AS WE NEED MORE
SPACE.THAT
SPACE.THAT WORK
EMPLOYEES AS WE NEED MORE
SPACE.THAT WORK IS
SPACE.THAT WORK IS DEFINITELY
UNDERWAY
UNDERWAY AND
SPACE.THAT WORK IS DEFINITELY
UNDERWAY AND WE
UNDERWAY AND WE WILL
SPACE.THAT WORK IS DEFINITELY
UNDERWAY AND WE WILL DEFTLY
UNDERWAY AND WE WILL DEFTLY BE
PART
PART OF,
UNDERWAY AND WE WILL DEFTLY BE
PART OF, YOU
PART OF, YOU KNOW,
UNDERWAY AND WE WILL DEFTLY BE
PART OF, YOU KNOW, OUR
PART OF, YOU KNOW, OUR THOUGHT
PROCESS
PROCESS AS
PART OF, YOU KNOW, OUR THOUGHT
PROCESS AS A
PROCESS AS A MOVE
PART OF, YOU KNOW, OUR THOUGHT
PROCESS AS A MOVE IN
PROCESS AS A MOVE IN THE
FUTURE.
>>
>> THANK
>> THANK YOU.
>>
>> I
>> I HAVE
>> I HAVE A
>> I HAVE A QUESTION,
>> I HAVE A QUESTION, JACKIE.
I
I THINK
>> I HAVE A QUESTION, JACKIE.
I THINK IT'S
I THINK IT'S MORE
>> I HAVE A QUESTION, JACKIE.
I THINK IT'S MORE OUT
I THINK IT'S MORE OUT OF
CURIOSITY.
COULD
COULD YOU
CURIOSITY.
COULD YOU SPEAK
COULD YOU SPEAK A
CURIOSITY.
COULD YOU SPEAK A LITTLE
COULD YOU SPEAK A LITTLE BIT
ABOUT
ABOUT WHAT'S
COULD YOU SPEAK A LITTLE BIT
ABOUT WHAT'S GOING
ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON
COULD YOU SPEAK A LITTLE BIT
ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON AS
ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON AS FAR
COULD YOU SPEAK A LITTLE BIT
ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON AS FAR AS
THE
THE LOBBY,
ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON AS FAR AS
THE LOBBY, THE
THE LOBBY, THE TPE
ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON AS FAR AS
THE LOBBY, THE TPE LOBBY
THE LOBBY, THE TPE LOBBY AND
PAYMENTS
PAYMENTS AND
THE LOBBY, THE TPE LOBBY AND
PAYMENTS AND THINGS
PAYMENTS AND THINGS LIKE
PAYMENTS AND THINGS LIKE THAT?
>>
>> YEAH,
>> YEAH, DEFINITELY.
WE
WE CONTINUE
>> YEAH, DEFINITELY.
WE CONTINUE TO
WE CONTINUE TO HAVE
>> YEAH, DEFINITELY.
WE CONTINUE TO HAVE THE
WE CONTINUE TO HAVE THE LOBBY
OPEN
OPEN AND
WE CONTINUE TO HAVE THE LOBBY
OPEN AND THE
OPEN AND THE NUMBERS
WE CONTINUE TO HAVE THE LOBBY
OPEN AND THE NUMBERS IN
OPEN AND THE NUMBERS IN TERMS
OF
OF CUSTOMERS
OPEN AND THE NUMBERS IN TERMS
OF CUSTOMERS COMING
OF CUSTOMERS COMING TO
OPEN AND THE NUMBERS IN TERMS
OF CUSTOMERS COMING TO THE
LOBBY
LOBBY ARE
OF CUSTOMERS COMING TO THE
LOBBY ARE REALLY
LOBBY ARE REALLY LOW.
AND
AND I
LOBBY ARE REALLY LOW.
AND I THINK
AND I THINK THAT
LOBBY ARE REALLY LOW.
AND I THINK THAT WE
AND I THINK THAT WE ALL
UNDERSTAND
UNDERSTAND THAT
AND I THINK THAT WE ALL
UNDERSTAND THAT AS
UNDERSTAND THAT AS LONG
AND I THINK THAT WE ALL
UNDERSTAND THAT AS LONG AS
UNDERSTAND THAT AS LONG AS THE
DISCONNECT
DISCONNECT MORATORIUM
UNDERSTAND THAT AS LONG AS THE
DISCONNECT MORATORIUM IS
DISCONNECT MORATORIUM IS IN
PLACE,
PLACE, THERE'S
DISCONNECT MORATORIUM IS IN
PLACE, THERE'S MAYBE
PLACE, THERE'S MAYBE NOT,
DISCONNECT MORATORIUM IS IN
PLACE, THERE'S MAYBE NOT, WELL,
2 THINGS
2 THINGS ARE
2 THINGS ARE HAPPENING.
AS
AS LONG
2 THINGS ARE HAPPENING.
AS LONG AS
AS LONG AS THE
2 THINGS ARE HAPPENING.
AS LONG AS THE DISCONNECT
MORATORIUM
MORATORIUM IS
AS LONG AS THE DISCONNECT
MORATORIUM IS IN
MORATORIUM IS IN PLACE
AS LONG AS THE DISCONNECT
MORATORIUM IS IN PLACE WE
MORATORIUM IS IN PLACE WE DON'T
ANTICIPATE
ANTICIPATE WE'RE
MORATORIUM IS IN PLACE WE DON'T
ANTICIPATE WE'RE GOING
ANTICIPATE WE'RE GOING TO
MORATORIUM IS IN PLACE WE DON'T
ANTICIPATE WE'RE GOING TO SEE
AN
AN UPTICK
ANTICIPATE WE'RE GOING TO SEE
AN UPTICK IN
AN UPTICK IN AT
ANTICIPATE WE'RE GOING TO SEE
AN UPTICK IN AT THE
AN UPTICK IN AT THE POINT
ANTICIPATE WE'RE GOING TO SEE
AN UPTICK IN AT THE POINT THAT
IS
IS SUNSET
AN UPTICK IN AT THE POINT THAT
IS SUNSET IT
IS SUNSET IT AND
AN UPTICK IN AT THE POINT THAT
IS SUNSET IT AND CUSTOMERS
IS SUNSET IT AND CUSTOMERS TURN
THEIR
THEIR ATTENTION
IS SUNSET IT AND CUSTOMERS TURN
THEIR ATTENTION TO
THEIR ATTENTION TO THEIR
BALANCES
BALANCES OR
THEIR ATTENTION TO THEIR
BALANCES OR HOPEFULLY
BALANCES OR HOPEFULLY AS
THEIR ATTENTION TO THEIR
BALANCES OR HOPEFULLY AS WE
BALANCES OR HOPEFULLY AS WE DO
MORE
MORE TARGETED
BALANCES OR HOPEFULLY AS WE DO
MORE TARGETED OUTREACH
MORE TARGETED OUTREACH IN
BALANCES OR HOPEFULLY AS WE DO
MORE TARGETED OUTREACH IN THE
COMING
COMING MONTHS
MORE TARGETED OUTREACH IN THE
COMING MONTHS WE
COMING MONTHS WE WILL
MORE TARGETED OUTREACH IN THE
COMING MONTHS WE WILL SEE
COMING MONTHS WE WILL SEE A
LITTLE
LITTLE BIT
COMING MONTHS WE WILL SEE A
LITTLE BIT MORE
LITTLE BIT MORE OF
COMING MONTHS WE WILL SEE A
LITTLE BIT MORE OF AN
LITTLE BIT MORE OF AN UPTICK.
THE
THE 2ND
LITTLE BIT MORE OF AN UPTICK.
THE 2ND THING,
THE 2ND THING, AND
LITTLE BIT MORE OF AN UPTICK.
THE 2ND THING, AND THIS
THE 2ND THING, AND THIS IS
LITTLE BIT MORE OF AN UPTICK.
THE 2ND THING, AND THIS IS A
TREND
TREND I
THE 2ND THING, AND THIS IS A
TREND I WOULD
TREND I WOULD BE
THE 2ND THING, AND THIS IS A
TREND I WOULD BE HAPPY
TREND I WOULD BE HAPPY TO
THE 2ND THING, AND THIS IS A
TREND I WOULD BE HAPPY TO BRING
MORE
MORE DATA
TREND I WOULD BE HAPPY TO BRING
MORE DATA NEXT
MORE DATA NEXT MEETING
TREND I WOULD BE HAPPY TO BRING
MORE DATA NEXT MEETING TO
MORE DATA NEXT MEETING TO TALK
ABOUT
ABOUT IS
MORE DATA NEXT MEETING TO TALK
ABOUT IS MANY
ABOUT IS MANY OF
MORE DATA NEXT MEETING TO TALK
ABOUT IS MANY OF OUR
ABOUT IS MANY OF OUR CUSTOMERS
HAVE
HAVE JUST
ABOUT IS MANY OF OUR CUSTOMERS
HAVE JUST TRANSITIONED
HAVE JUST TRANSITIONED TO
ABOUT IS MANY OF OUR CUSTOMERS
HAVE JUST TRANSITIONED TO A
HAVE JUST TRANSITIONED TO A NEW
WAY
WAY TO
HAVE JUST TRANSITIONED TO A NEW
WAY TO PAY
WAY TO PAY IN
HAVE JUST TRANSITIONED TO A NEW
WAY TO PAY IN A
WAY TO PAY IN A NEW
HAVE JUST TRANSITIONED TO A NEW
WAY TO PAY IN A NEW WAY
WAY TO PAY IN A NEW WAY TO
HAVE JUST TRANSITIONED TO A NEW
WAY TO PAY IN A NEW WAY TO GET
SERVICE
SERVICE THROUGHOUT
WAY TO PAY IN A NEW WAY TO GET
SERVICE THROUGHOUT THE
PANDEMIC.
HAVING
HAVING THE
PANDEMIC.
HAVING THE LOBBY
HAVING THE LOBBY CLOSED
PANDEMIC.
HAVING THE LOBBY CLOSED FOR
HAVING THE LOBBY CLOSED FOR A
LONG
LONG PERIOD
HAVING THE LOBBY CLOSED FOR A
LONG PERIOD OF
LONG PERIOD OF TIME
HAVING THE LOBBY CLOSED FOR A
LONG PERIOD OF TIME HAS
LONG PERIOD OF TIME HAS LED
HAVING THE LOBBY CLOSED FOR A
LONG PERIOD OF TIME HAS LED TO
CUSTOMERS
CUSTOMERS FINDING
LONG PERIOD OF TIME HAS LED TO
CUSTOMERS FINDING A
CUSTOMERS FINDING A SOLUTION
THAT
THAT WORKS
CUSTOMERS FINDING A SOLUTION
THAT WORKS BEST
THAT WORKS BEST FOR
THAT WORKS BEST FOR THEM.
WE
WE HAVE
THAT WORKS BEST FOR THEM.
WE HAVE SEEN
WE HAVE SEEN A
THAT WORKS BEST FOR THEM.
WE HAVE SEEN A PRETTY
WE HAVE SEEN A PRETTY BIG
UPTICK
UPTICK IN
WE HAVE SEEN A PRETTY BIG
UPTICK IN THE
UPTICK IN THE USE
WE HAVE SEEN A PRETTY BIG
UPTICK IN THE USE OF
UPTICK IN THE USE OF MY
ACCOUNT.
WE
WE OBVIOUSLY
ACCOUNT.
WE OBVIOUSLY HAVE
WE OBVIOUSLY HAVE PAY
WE OBVIOUSLY HAVE PAY BOXES.
WE
WE HAVE
WE OBVIOUSLY HAVE PAY BOXES.
WE HAVE THE
WE HAVE THE TRADITIONAL
WE HAVE THE TRADITIONAL MAIL.
WE
WE HAVE
WE HAVE THE TRADITIONAL MAIL.
WE HAVE AUTOMATIC
WE HAVE AUTOMATIC PAYMENTS.
THERE'S
THERE'S A
WE HAVE AUTOMATIC PAYMENTS.
THERE'S A NUMBER
THERE'S A NUMBER OF
THERE'S A NUMBER OF THINGS.
ND
ND I
THERE'S A NUMBER OF THINGS.
ND I THINK
ND I THINK AS
THERE'S A NUMBER OF THINGS.
ND I THINK AS WE
ND I THINK AS WE LOOK
FORWARD,
FORWARD, EXCUSE
ND I THINK AS WE LOOK
FORWARD, EXCUSE ME,
FORWARD, EXCUSE ME, THE
CUSTOMER
CUSTOMER PORTAL
FORWARD, EXCUSE ME, THE
CUSTOMER PORTAL RULING
CUSTOMER PORTAL RULING THIS
YEAR
YEAR AND
CUSTOMER PORTAL RULING THIS
YEAR AND THE
YEAR AND THE ADDITIONAL
CUSTOMER PORTAL RULING THIS
YEAR AND THE ADDITIONAL WAYS
YEAR AND THE ADDITIONAL WAYS TO
PAY
PAY AND
YEAR AND THE ADDITIONAL WAYS TO
PAY AND WAYS
PAY AND WAYS TO
YEAR AND THE ADDITIONAL WAYS TO
PAY AND WAYS TO GET
PAY AND WAYS TO GET SERVICE,
INCLUDING
INCLUDING MORE
PAY AND WAYS TO GET SERVICE,
INCLUDING MORE SELF-SERVICE
OPTIONS,
OPTIONS, WE
INCLUDING MORE SELF-SERVICE
OPTIONS, WE ARE
OPTIONS, WE ARE GOING
INCLUDING MORE SELF-SERVICE
OPTIONS, WE ARE GOING TO
CONTINUE
CONTINUE TO
OPTIONS, WE ARE GOING TO
CONTINUE TO SEE
CONTINUE TO SEE THAT
CONTINUE TO SEE THAT TREND.
WHAT
WHAT WE
CONTINUE TO SEE THAT TREND.
WHAT WE ANTICIPATE
WHAT WE ANTICIPATE TO
CONTINUE TO SEE THAT TREND.
WHAT WE ANTICIPATE TO SEE
WHAT WE ANTICIPATE TO SEE AS
CONTINUE TO SEE THAT TREND.
WHAT WE ANTICIPATE TO SEE AS A
LITTLE
LITTLE BIT
WHAT WE ANTICIPATE TO SEE AS A
LITTLE BIT OF
LITTLE BIT OF AN
WHAT WE ANTICIPATE TO SEE AS A
LITTLE BIT OF AN UPTICK
LITTLE BIT OF AN UPTICK BE
SIZABLE
SIZABLE AT
LITTLE BIT OF AN UPTICK BE
SIZABLE AT FIRST
SIZABLE AT FIRST WHEN
LITTLE BIT OF AN UPTICK BE
SIZABLE AT FIRST WHEN WE
SIZABLE AT FIRST WHEN WE START
HAVING
HAVING MORE
SIZABLE AT FIRST WHEN WE START
HAVING MORE TARGETED
HAVING MORE TARGETED OUTREACH
TO
TO CUSTOMERS
HAVING MORE TARGETED OUTREACH
TO CUSTOMERS AND
TO CUSTOMERS AND THE
HAVING MORE TARGETED OUTREACH
TO CUSTOMERS AND THE MORATORIUM
EVENTUALLY
EVENTUALLY THAT
TO CUSTOMERS AND THE MORATORIUM
EVENTUALLY THAT WILL
EVENTUALLY THAT WILL LIVE
TO CUSTOMERS AND THE MORATORIUM
EVENTUALLY THAT WILL LIVE LIVES
THAT
THAT DOWN
EVENTUALLY THAT WILL LIVE LIVES
THAT DOWN AS
THAT DOWN AS CUSTOMERS
EVENTUALLY THAT WILL LIVE LIVES
THAT DOWN AS CUSTOMERS ARE
FINDING
FINDING DIFFERENT
THAT DOWN AS CUSTOMERS ARE
FINDING DIFFERENT WAYS
FINDING DIFFERENT WAYS TO
THAT DOWN AS CUSTOMERS ARE
FINDING DIFFERENT WAYS TO DO
THEIR
THEIR BUSINESS
FINDING DIFFERENT WAYS TO DO
THEIR BUSINESS WITH
THEIR BUSINESS WITH US.
>>
>> OKAY,
>> OKAY, THANK
>> OKAY, THANK YOU.
>>
>> YEAH.
I
I WILL
>> YEAH.
I WILL MAKE
I WILL MAKE SURE
>> YEAH.
I WILL MAKE SURE WE
I WILL MAKE SURE WE INCLUDE
SOME
SOME OF
I WILL MAKE SURE WE INCLUDE
SOME OF THOSE
SOME OF THOSE TRENDS
I WILL MAKE SURE WE INCLUDE
SOME OF THOSE TRENDS WHEN
SOME OF THOSE TRENDS WHEN WE
TALK
TALK ABOUT
SOME OF THOSE TRENDS WHEN WE
TALK ABOUT UPDATE
TALK ABOUT UPDATE ON
SOME OF THOSE TRENDS WHEN WE
TALK ABOUT UPDATE ON CUSTOMER
ACCOUNTS.
IN
IN TERMS
ACCOUNTS.
IN TERMS OF
IN TERMS OF PAYMENTS,
ACCOUNTS.
IN TERMS OF PAYMENTS, I
IN TERMS OF PAYMENTS, I THINK
WE
WE ARE
IN TERMS OF PAYMENTS, I THINK
WE ARE SAYING
WE ARE SAYING,
IN TERMS OF PAYMENTS, I THINK
WE ARE SAYING, YOU
WE ARE SAYING, YOU KNOW,
CONTINUED
CONTINUED TREND,
WE ARE SAYING, YOU KNOW,
CONTINUED TREND, PARTICULARLY
WITH
WITH THOSE
CONTINUED TREND, PARTICULARLY
WITH THOSE AGING
WITH THOSE AGING ACCOUNTS
CONTINUED TREND, PARTICULARLY
WITH THOSE AGING ACCOUNTS OF
LOWER
LOWER OR
WITH THOSE AGING ACCOUNTS OF
LOWER OR NO
LOWER OR NO PAYMENTS
WITH THOSE AGING ACCOUNTS OF
LOWER OR NO PAYMENTS IN
LOWER OR NO PAYMENTS IN SOME
CASES
CASES WHILE
LOWER OR NO PAYMENTS IN SOME
CASES WHILE THE
CASES WHILE THE NUMBER
LOWER OR NO PAYMENTS IN SOME
CASES WHILE THE NUMBER OF
ACCOUNTS
ACCOUNTS HAS
CASES WHILE THE NUMBER OF
ACCOUNTS HAS NOT
ACCOUNTS HAS NOT GONE
CASES WHILE THE NUMBER OF
ACCOUNTS HAS NOT GONE UP
SUBSTANTIALLY
SUBSTANTIALLY WITH
ACCOUNTS HAS NOT GONE UP
SUBSTANTIALLY WITH BALANCES,
THE
THE BALANCE
SUBSTANTIALLY WITH BALANCES,
THE BALANCE HAS
THE BALANCE HAS CONTINUED
SUBSTANTIALLY WITH BALANCES,
THE BALANCE HAS CONTINUED TO
GROW
GROW AND
THE BALANCE HAS CONTINUED TO
GROW AND MY
GROW AND MY LAST
THE BALANCE HAS CONTINUED TO
GROW AND MY LAST NUMBERS
INDICATE
INDICATE WE
GROW AND MY LAST NUMBERS
INDICATE WE HAVE
INDICATE WE HAVE ABOUT
GROW AND MY LAST NUMBERS
INDICATE WE HAVE ABOUT 15%
INDICATE WE HAVE ABOUT 15% OF
OUR
OUR CUSTOMERS
INDICATE WE HAVE ABOUT 15% OF
OUR CUSTOMERS THAT
OUR CUSTOMERS THAT HAVE
INDICATE WE HAVE ABOUT 15% OF
OUR CUSTOMERS THAT HAVE SOME
SORT
SORT OF
OUR CUSTOMERS THAT HAVE SOME
SORT OF DEALING
SORT OF DEALING WITH
OUR CUSTOMERS THAT HAVE SOME
SORT OF DEALING WITH C.
SORT OF DEALING WITH C. MOST
ARE
ARE IN
SORT OF DEALING WITH C. MOST
ARE IN THE
ARE IN THE RESIDENTIAL
CATEGORY.
WE
WE DO
CATEGORY.
WE DO HAVE
WE DO HAVE SOME
CATEGORY.
WE DO HAVE SOME COMMERCIAL
WE DO HAVE SOME COMMERCIAL THAT
WE
WE ARE
WE DO HAVE SOME COMMERCIAL THAT
WE ARE ALSO
WE ARE ALSO LOOKING
WE DO HAVE SOME COMMERCIAL THAT
WE ARE ALSO LOOKING FOR
WE ARE ALSO LOOKING FOR A
WE DO HAVE SOME COMMERCIAL THAT
WE ARE ALSO LOOKING FOR A PATH
FORWARD
FORWARD TO
WE ARE ALSO LOOKING FOR A PATH
FORWARD TO SUPPORT
FORWARD TO SUPPORT THEM
WE ARE ALSO LOOKING FOR A PATH
FORWARD TO SUPPORT THEM IN
RECOVERY.
WE
WE WILL
RECOVERY.
WE WILL GET
WE WILL GET INTO
RECOVERY.
WE WILL GET INTO A
WE WILL GET INTO A LITTLE
RECOVERY.
WE WILL GET INTO A LITTLE BIT
MORE
MORE OF
WE WILL GET INTO A LITTLE BIT
MORE OF THAT
MORE OF THAT DETAIL
WE WILL GET INTO A LITTLE BIT
MORE OF THAT DETAIL IN
MORE OF THAT DETAIL IN OUR
WE WILL GET INTO A LITTLE BIT
MORE OF THAT DETAIL IN OUR NEXT
REPORT.
>>
>> OKAY.
AND
AND ONE
>> OKAY.
AND ONE MORE
AND ONE MORE QUESTION.
HAVE
HAVE WE
AND ONE MORE QUESTION.
HAVE WE SEEN
HAVE WE SEEN AN
AND ONE MORE QUESTION.
HAVE WE SEEN AN INCREASE
HAVE WE SEEN AN INCREASE IN
RESPONSE
RESPONSE TO
HAVE WE SEEN AN INCREASE IN
RESPONSE TO SOME
RESPONSE TO SOME OF
HAVE WE SEEN AN INCREASE IN
RESPONSE TO SOME OF THE
ASSISTANCE
ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS
RESPONSE TO SOME OF THE
ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS DUE
ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS DUE TO
RESPONSE TO SOME OF THE
ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS DUE TO THE
OUTREACH
OUTREACH OF
ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS DUE TO THE
OUTREACH OF YOU
OUTREACH OF YOU IN
ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS DUE TO THE
OUTREACH OF YOU IN YOUR
OUTREACH OF YOU IN YOUR TEAM?
>>
>> SO,
>> SO, YOU
>> SO, YOU KNOW,
>> SO, YOU KNOW, IT'S
>> SO, YOU KNOW, IT'S A
>> SO, YOU KNOW, IT'S A WORK
>> SO, YOU KNOW, IT'S A WORK IN
PROGRESS
PROGRESS FOR
PROGRESS FOR SURE.
WE
WE DO
PROGRESS FOR SURE.
WE DO HAVE
WE DO HAVE PIERCE
PROGRESS FOR SURE.
WE DO HAVE PIERCE COUNTY'S
PROCESS
PROCESS WAS
WE DO HAVE PIERCE COUNTY'S
PROCESS WAS PUT
PROCESS WAS PUT ON
PROCESS WAS PUT ON HOLD.
I
I DON'T
PROCESS WAS PUT ON HOLD.
I DON'T THINK
I DON'T THINK WE
PROCESS WAS PUT ON HOLD.
I DON'T THINK WE WERE
I DON'T THINK WE WERE QUITE
AWARE
AWARE THAT
I DON'T THINK WE WERE QUITE
AWARE THAT WAS
AWARE THAT WAS GOING
I DON'T THINK WE WERE QUITE
AWARE THAT WAS GOING TO
AWARE THAT WAS GOING TO HAPPEN
RIGHT
RIGHT BEFORE
RIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS.
I
I THINK
RIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS.
I THINK THEY
I THINK THEY ARE
RIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS.
I THINK THEY ARE WORKING
I THINK THEY ARE WORKING ON
SYSTEM
SYSTEM TRANSITIONING
I THINK THEY ARE WORKING ON
SYSTEM TRANSITIONING AND
SYSTEM TRANSITIONING AND MAY
I THINK THEY ARE WORKING ON
SYSTEM TRANSITIONING AND MAY BE
TRYING
TRYING TO
SYSTEM TRANSITIONING AND MAY BE
TRYING TO EASE
TRYING TO EASE THE
SYSTEM TRANSITIONING AND MAY BE
TRYING TO EASE THE BACKLOG
TRYING TO EASE THE BACKLOG A
BIT.
SO,
SO, I
BIT.
SO, I THINK
SO, I THINK THERE
BIT.
SO, I THINK THERE WAS
SO, I THINK THERE WAS ABOUT
BIT.
SO, I THINK THERE WAS ABOUT A
MONTH
MONTH PAUSE
SO, I THINK THERE WAS ABOUT A
MONTH PAUSE THAT
MONTH PAUSE THAT WE
SO, I THINK THERE WAS ABOUT A
MONTH PAUSE THAT WE WERE
MONTH PAUSE THAT WE WERE NOT
AWARE
AWARE OF,
MONTH PAUSE THAT WE WERE NOT
AWARE OF, SO
AWARE OF, SO THERE
MONTH PAUSE THAT WE WERE NOT
AWARE OF, SO THERE HAVE
AWARE OF, SO THERE HAVE BEEN
SOME
SOME CUSTOMERS
AWARE OF, SO THERE HAVE BEEN
SOME CUSTOMERS THAT
SOME CUSTOMERS THAT HAVE
AWARE OF, SO THERE HAVE BEEN
SOME CUSTOMERS THAT HAVE BEEN
CONCERNED
CONCERNED ABOUT
SOME CUSTOMERS THAT HAVE BEEN
CONCERNED ABOUT THE
CONCERNED ABOUT THE FACT
INDICATED
INDICATED THAT
CONCERNED ABOUT THE FACT
INDICATED THAT THE
INDICATED THAT THE OBLIGATION
THAT
THAT WAS
INDICATED THAT THE OBLIGATION
THAT WAS THERE
THAT WAS THERE BEFORE
INDICATED THAT THE OBLIGATION
THAT WAS THERE BEFORE AND
PROCESS
PROCESS THAT
THAT WAS THERE BEFORE AND
PROCESS THAT WAS
PROCESS THAT WAS THERE
THAT WAS THERE BEFORE AND
PROCESS THAT WAS THERE BEFORE
WAS
WAS SUSPENDED
PROCESS THAT WAS THERE BEFORE
WAS SUSPENDED IN
WAS SUSPENDED IN PROCESS.
SO,
SO, THAT
WAS SUSPENDED IN PROCESS.
SO, THAT HAS
SO, THAT HAS RESULTED
WAS SUSPENDED IN PROCESS.
SO, THAT HAS RESULTED IN
SO, THAT HAS RESULTED IN A
LITTLE
LITTLE BIT
SO, THAT HAS RESULTED IN A
LITTLE BIT OF
LITTLE BIT OF SLOWDOWN.
WE
WE ALSO
LITTLE BIT OF SLOWDOWN.
WE ALSO HEARD
WE ALSO HEARD FROM
LITTLE BIT OF SLOWDOWN.
WE ALSO HEARD FROM CUSTOMERS
THAT
THAT WHEN
WE ALSO HEARD FROM CUSTOMERS
THAT WHEN THEY
THAT WHEN THEY SEEK
WE ALSO HEARD FROM CUSTOMERS
THAT WHEN THEY SEEK ASSISTANCE
FROM
FROM SOME
THAT WHEN THEY SEEK ASSISTANCE
FROM SOME OF
FROM SOME OF THESE
THAT WHEN THEY SEEK ASSISTANCE
FROM SOME OF THESE SOURCES
FROM SOME OF THESE SOURCES OF
FUNDS
FUNDS THEY
FROM SOME OF THESE SOURCES OF
FUNDS THEY ARE
FUNDS THEY ARE FINDING
FROM SOME OF THESE SOURCES OF
FUNDS THEY ARE FINDING THAT
FUNDS THEY ARE FINDING THAT THE
INDIVIDUAL
INDIVIDUAL OR
FUNDS THEY ARE FINDING THAT THE
INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY
INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY GIVING
FUNDS THEY ARE FINDING THAT THE
INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY GIVING OUT
THE
THE FUNDS
INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY GIVING OUT
THE FUNDS IS
THE FUNDS IS LOOKING
INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY GIVING OUT
THE FUNDS IS LOOKING FOR
DISCONNECT
DISCONNECT NOTICES
THE FUNDS IS LOOKING FOR
DISCONNECT NOTICES TO
PRIORITIZE
PRIORITIZE THOSE.
THAT
THAT IS
PRIORITIZE THOSE.
THAT IS ALSO
THAT IS ALSO AN
PRIORITIZE THOSE.
THAT IS ALSO AN AREA
THAT IS ALSO AN AREA WE
PRIORITIZE THOSE.
THAT IS ALSO AN AREA WE ARE
THAT IS ALSO AN AREA WE ARE A
LITTLE
LITTLE CONCERNED
THAT IS ALSO AN AREA WE ARE A
LITTLE CONCERNED ABOUT
LITTLE CONCERNED ABOUT THAT
MAYBE
MAYBE UNINTENTIONALLY
LITTLE CONCERNED ABOUT THAT
MAYBE UNINTENTIONALLY WE
MAYBE UNINTENTIONALLY WE PUT
CUSTOMERS
CUSTOMERS AT
MAYBE UNINTENTIONALLY WE PUT
CUSTOMERS AT A
CUSTOMERS AT A DISADVANTAGE
MAYBE UNINTENTIONALLY WE PUT
CUSTOMERS AT A DISADVANTAGE IN
THAT
THAT REGARD.
THE
THE DOLLARS
THAT REGARD.
THE DOLLARS ARE
THE DOLLARS ARE SERVING
THAT REGARD.
THE DOLLARS ARE SERVING TO
THE DOLLARS ARE SERVING TO FLOW
THROUGH
THROUGH AND
THE DOLLARS ARE SERVING TO FLOW
THROUGH AND WE
THROUGH AND WE HAVE
THE DOLLARS ARE SERVING TO FLOW
THROUGH AND WE HAVE HAD
THROUGH AND WE HAVE HAD GREAT
SUCCESS
SUCCESS WITH
THROUGH AND WE HAVE HAD GREAT
SUCCESS WITH FRANCINE'S
SUCCESS WITH FRANCINE'S TEAM
CONNECTING
CONNECTING WITH
SUCCESS WITH FRANCINE'S TEAM
CONNECTING WITH IN
CONNECTING WITH IN DC
SUCCESS WITH FRANCINE'S TEAM
CONNECTING WITH IN DC FOR
CONNECTING WITH IN DC FOR CITY
OF
OF CODE
CONNECTING WITH IN DC FOR CITY
OF CODE TO,
OF CODE TO, CUSTOMERS.
THEY
THEY ARE
OF CODE TO, CUSTOMERS.
THEY ARE THE
THEY ARE THE ONES
OF CODE TO, CUSTOMERS.
THEY ARE THE ONES WHO
THEY ARE THE ONES WHO PROCESS
THE
THE APPLICATIONS
THEY ARE THE ONES WHO PROCESS
THE APPLICATIONS FOR
THE APPLICATIONS FOR CUSTOMERS.
THEY
THEY ARE
THE APPLICATIONS FOR CUSTOMERS.
THEY ARE WORKING
THEY ARE WORKING VERY
THE APPLICATIONS FOR CUSTOMERS.
THEY ARE WORKING VERY CLOSELY
WITH
WITH FRANCINE
THEY ARE WORKING VERY CLOSELY
WITH FRANCINE AND
WITH FRANCINE AND HER
THEY ARE WORKING VERY CLOSELY
WITH FRANCINE AND HER TEAM
WITH FRANCINE AND HER TEAM TO
STREAMLINE
STREAMLINE THAT
WITH FRANCINE AND HER TEAM TO
STREAMLINE THAT PROCESS
STREAMLINE THAT PROCESS AND
WITH FRANCINE AND HER TEAM TO
STREAMLINE THAT PROCESS AND DO
THE
THE BEST
STREAMLINE THAT PROCESS AND DO
THE BEST THEY
THE BEST THEY CAN
STREAMLINE THAT PROCESS AND DO
THE BEST THEY CAN TO
THE BEST THEY CAN TO REALLY
STREAMLINE THAT PROCESS AND DO
THE BEST THEY CAN TO REALLY GET
DIRECT
DIRECT ASSISTANCE
THE BEST THEY CAN TO REALLY GET
DIRECT ASSISTANCE TO
DIRECT ASSISTANCE TO THOSE
THE BEST THEY CAN TO REALLY GET
DIRECT ASSISTANCE TO THOSE IN
NEED.
WHEN
WHEN WE
NEED.
WHEN WE COME
WHEN WE COME FORWARD
NEED.
WHEN WE COME FORWARD NEXT
MEETING
MEETING AND
WHEN WE COME FORWARD NEXT
MEETING AND PROVIDE
MEETING AND PROVIDE MORE
WHEN WE COME FORWARD NEXT
MEETING AND PROVIDE MORE DETAIL
ON
ON OUR
MEETING AND PROVIDE MORE DETAIL
ON OUR PLAN
ON OUR PLAN GOING
MEETING AND PROVIDE MORE DETAIL
ON OUR PLAN GOING FORWARD,
ON OUR PLAN GOING FORWARD, THE
TEAM
TEAM IS
ON OUR PLAN GOING FORWARD, THE
TEAM IS LOOKING
TEAM IS LOOKING TO
ON OUR PLAN GOING FORWARD, THE
TEAM IS LOOKING TO SEND
TEAM IS LOOKING TO SEND OUT
ON OUR PLAN GOING FORWARD, THE
TEAM IS LOOKING TO SEND OUT TO
CUSTOMERS
CUSTOMERS THAT
TEAM IS LOOKING TO SEND OUT TO
CUSTOMERS THAT HAVE
CUSTOMERS THAT HAVE A
TEAM IS LOOKING TO SEND OUT TO
CUSTOMERS THAT HAVE A DELETE
QUINCY
QUINCY TO
CUSTOMERS THAT HAVE A DELETE
QUINCY TO GET
QUINCY TO GET ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION
INFORMATION THAT
QUINCY TO GET ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION THAT WE
INFORMATION THAT WE CAN
QUINCY TO GET ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION THAT WE CAN GET
BETTER
BETTER POSITION
INFORMATION THAT WE CAN GET
BETTER POSITION TO
BETTER POSITION TO IDENTIFY
RESOURCES
RESOURCES AND
BETTER POSITION TO IDENTIFY
RESOURCES AND FUNDING
RESOURCES AND FUNDING OPTIONS.
THE
THE THOUGHT
RESOURCES AND FUNDING OPTIONS.
THE THOUGHT IS,
THE THOUGHT IS, POSSIBLY
RESOURCES AND FUNDING OPTIONS.
THE THOUGHT IS, POSSIBLY THERE
ARE
ARE MORE
THE THOUGHT IS, POSSIBLY THERE
ARE MORE CUSTOMERS
ARE MORE CUSTOMERS THAT
THE THOUGHT IS, POSSIBLY THERE
ARE MORE CUSTOMERS THAT WOULD
QUALIFY
QUALIFY THAT
ARE MORE CUSTOMERS THAT WOULD
QUALIFY THAT THEY
QUALIFY THAT THEY EVEN
ARE MORE CUSTOMERS THAT WOULD
QUALIFY THAT THEY EVEN KNOW
BECAUSE
BECAUSE IN
QUALIFY THAT THEY EVEN KNOW
BECAUSE IN SOME
BECAUSE IN SOME CASES
QUALIFY THAT THEY EVEN KNOW
BECAUSE IN SOME CASES MAYBE
CUSTOMERS
CUSTOMERS HAVE
BECAUSE IN SOME CASES MAYBE
CUSTOMERS HAVE NOT
CUSTOMERS HAVE NOT GOTTEN
ASSISTANCE
ASSISTANCE FOR
CUSTOMERS HAVE NOT GOTTEN
ASSISTANCE FOR THAT
ASSISTANCE FOR THAT PROGRAM
CUSTOMERS HAVE NOT GOTTEN
ASSISTANCE FOR THAT PROGRAM OR
THEY
THEY JUST
ASSISTANCE FOR THAT PROGRAM OR
THEY JUST HAPPEN
THEY JUST HAPPEN TO
ASSISTANCE FOR THAT PROGRAM OR
THEY JUST HAPPEN TO HAVE
THEY JUST HAPPEN TO HAVE HIT
ASSISTANCE FOR THAT PROGRAM OR
THEY JUST HAPPEN TO HAVE HIT A
FIRST-TIME
FIRST-TIME CHALLENGE
THEY JUST HAPPEN TO HAVE HIT A
FIRST-TIME CHALLENGE DURING
COVID
COVID AND
FIRST-TIME CHALLENGE DURING
COVID AND THEY
COVID AND THEY DON'T
FIRST-TIME CHALLENGE DURING
COVID AND THEY DON'T REALLY
KNOW
KNOW WHERE
COVID AND THEY DON'T REALLY
KNOW WHERE TO
KNOW WHERE TO GO.
WE
WE ARE
KNOW WHERE TO GO.
WE ARE GOING
WE ARE GOING TO
KNOW WHERE TO GO.
WE ARE GOING TO DO
WE ARE GOING TO DO OUR
KNOW WHERE TO GO.
WE ARE GOING TO DO OUR BEST
WE ARE GOING TO DO OUR BEST TO
GET
GET MORE
WE ARE GOING TO DO OUR BEST TO
GET MORE DETAIL
GET MORE DETAIL FROM
WE ARE GOING TO DO OUR BEST TO
GET MORE DETAIL FROM CUSTOMERS
AND
AND FIND
GET MORE DETAIL FROM CUSTOMERS
AND FIND A
AND FIND A PATH
GET MORE DETAIL FROM CUSTOMERS
AND FIND A PATH AND
AND FIND A PATH AND THE
RESOURCES
RESOURCES THAT
AND FIND A PATH AND THE
RESOURCES THAT ARE
RESOURCES THAT ARE THERE
RESOURCES THAT ARE THERE.
>>
>> I
>> I REALLY
>> I REALLY APPRECIATE
>> I REALLY APPRECIATE THE
>> I REALLY APPRECIATE THE WORK
THAT
THAT YOU
>> I REALLY APPRECIATE THE WORK
THAT YOU AND
THAT YOU AND YOUR
>> I REALLY APPRECIATE THE WORK
THAT YOU AND YOUR TEAM
THAT YOU AND YOUR TEAM ARE
DOING
DOING WITH
THAT YOU AND YOUR TEAM ARE
DOING WITH THE
DOING WITH THE OUTREACH
THAT YOU AND YOUR TEAM ARE
DOING WITH THE OUTREACH TO
DOING WITH THE OUTREACH TO TRY
TO
TO GET
DOING WITH THE OUTREACH TO TRY
TO GET THE
TO GET THE NECESSARY
DOING WITH THE OUTREACH TO TRY
TO GET THE NECESSARY SUPPORT
FOR
FOR INDIVIDUALS
TO GET THE NECESSARY SUPPORT
FOR INDIVIDUALS THAT
FOR INDIVIDUALS THAT MAY
TO GET THE NECESSARY SUPPORT
FOR INDIVIDUALS THAT MAY BE
FOR INDIVIDUALS THAT MAY BE IN
NEED,
NEED, AND
FOR INDIVIDUALS THAT MAY BE IN
NEED, AND I
NEED, AND I KNOW
FOR INDIVIDUALS THAT MAY BE IN
NEED, AND I KNOW IT'S
NEED, AND I KNOW IT'S A
STRUGGLE
STRUGGLE BUT
NEED, AND I KNOW IT'S A
STRUGGLE BUT I
STRUGGLE BUT I KNOW
NEED, AND I KNOW IT'S A
STRUGGLE BUT I KNOW YOU
STRUGGLE BUT I KNOW YOU GUYS
ARE
ARE OUT
STRUGGLE BUT I KNOW YOU GUYS
ARE OUT THERE
ARE OUT THERE TRYING,
STRUGGLE BUT I KNOW YOU GUYS
ARE OUT THERE TRYING, SO
ARE OUT THERE TRYING, SO I
STRUGGLE BUT I KNOW YOU GUYS
ARE OUT THERE TRYING, SO I WANT
TO
TO SAY
ARE OUT THERE TRYING, SO I WANT
TO SAY THANK
TO SAY THANK YOU.
>>
>> YEAH,
>> YEAH, THANK
>> YEAH, THANK YOU,
>> YEAH, THANK YOU, BOARD
MEMBER
MEMBER WATSON
>> YEAH, THANK YOU, BOARD
MEMBER WATSON .
MEMBER WATSON . CUSTOMER
SERVICE
SERVICE TEAM
MEMBER WATSON . CUSTOMER
SERVICE TEAM AND
SERVICE TEAM AND PUBLIC
MEMBER WATSON . CUSTOMER
SERVICE TEAM AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS
TEAM
TEAM IS
SERVICE TEAM AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS
TEAM IS WORKING
TEAM IS WORKING TIRELESSLY
SERVICE TEAM AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS
TEAM IS WORKING TIRELESSLY AND
CONNECT
CONNECT WITH
TEAM IS WORKING TIRELESSLY AND
CONNECT WITH CUSTOMERS
CONNECT WITH CUSTOMERS AND
ORGANIZATIONS
ORGANIZATIONS THROUGHOUT
CONNECT WITH CUSTOMERS AND
ORGANIZATIONS THROUGHOUT THE
COMMUNITY
COMMUNITY AND
ORGANIZATIONS THROUGHOUT THE
COMMUNITY AND REALLY
COMMUNITY AND REALLY THEY
ORGANIZATIONS THROUGHOUT THE
COMMUNITY AND REALLY THEY ARE
TAKING
TAKING A
COMMUNITY AND REALLY THEY ARE
TAKING A CASE
TAKING A CASE MANAGEMENT
APPROACH
APPROACH TRYING
TAKING A CASE MANAGEMENT
APPROACH TRYING TO
APPROACH TRYING TO GET
TAKING A CASE MANAGEMENT
APPROACH TRYING TO GET INDIRECT
CONTACT
CONTACT WITH
APPROACH TRYING TO GET INDIRECT
CONTACT WITH CUSTOMERS
CONTACT WITH CUSTOMERS AND
REALLY
REALLY IDENTIFY
CONTACT WITH CUSTOMERS AND
REALLY IDENTIFY A
REALLY IDENTIFY A PATH
CONTACT WITH CUSTOMERS AND
REALLY IDENTIFY A PATH FORWARD
FOR
FOR CIRCUMSTANCES.
IT'S
IT'S A
FOR CIRCUMSTANCES.
IT'S A BIG
IT'S A BIG LOAD
FOR CIRCUMSTANCES.
IT'S A BIG LOAD TO
IT'S A BIG LOAD TO RUN
INTERFERENCE
INTERFERENCE APPROACH,
IT'S A BIG LOAD TO RUN
INTERFERENCE APPROACH, BUT
INTERFERENCE APPROACH, BUT THEY
ARE
ARE DIFFERENTLY
INTERFERENCE APPROACH, BUT THEY
ARE DIFFERENTLY ROLLING
ARE DIFFERENTLY ROLLING UP
THEIR
THEIR SLEEVES
ARE DIFFERENTLY ROLLING UP
THEIR SLEEVES AND
THEIR SLEEVES AND HITTING
ARE DIFFERENTLY ROLLING UP
THEIR SLEEVES AND HITTING HARD,
SO,
SO, THEY
THEIR SLEEVES AND HITTING HARD,
SO, THEY ARE
SO, THEY ARE DOING
THEIR SLEEVES AND HITTING HARD,
SO, THEY ARE DOING GREAT
SO, THEY ARE DOING GREAT WORK.
>>
>> NO
>> NO MORE
>> NO MORE QUESTIONS,
>> NO MORE QUESTIONS, CHAIR.
>>
>> THANK
>> THANK YOU,
>> THANK YOU, BOARD
>> THANK YOU, BOARD MEMBER
WATSON
WATSON .
>> THANK YOU, BOARD MEMBER
WATSON . I
WATSON . I GUESS
>> THANK YOU, BOARD MEMBER
WATSON . I GUESS MY
WATSON . I GUESS MY ONLY
QUESTION
QUESTION HAD
WATSON . I GUESS MY ONLY
QUESTION HAD TO
QUESTION HAD TO DO
WATSON . I GUESS MY ONLY
QUESTION HAD TO DO WITH
QUESTION HAD TO DO WITH THE
HEALTH
HEALTH OF
QUESTION HAD TO DO WITH THE
HEALTH OF OUR
HEALTH OF OUR EMPLOYEES
QUESTION HAD TO DO WITH THE
HEALTH OF OUR EMPLOYEES NOW
HEALTH OF OUR EMPLOYEES NOW AS
A
A RESULT
HEALTH OF OUR EMPLOYEES NOW AS
A RESULT OF
A RESULT OF THE
A RESULT OF THE SEARCH.
I
I ASSUME
A RESULT OF THE SEARCH.
I ASSUME WE
I ASSUME WE HAVE
A RESULT OF THE SEARCH.
I ASSUME WE HAVE SEEN
ADDITIONAL
ADDITIONAL ILLNESSES,
I ASSUME WE HAVE SEEN
ADDITIONAL ILLNESSES, AS
EVERYONE
EVERYONE ELSE
EVERYONE ELSE HAS.
I
I GUESS
EVERYONE ELSE HAS.
I GUESS MY
I GUESS MY QUESTION
EVERYONE ELSE HAS.
I GUESS MY QUESTION WAS,
I GUESS MY QUESTION WAS, ARE
EVERYONE ELSE HAS.
I GUESS MY QUESTION WAS, ARE WE
DOING
DOING ANYTHING
I GUESS MY QUESTION WAS, ARE WE
DOING ANYTHING DIFFERENT
DOING ANYTHING DIFFERENT IN
TERMS
TERMS OF
DOING ANYTHING DIFFERENT IN
TERMS OF PROTOCOLS
TERMS OF PROTOCOLS YOU
DOING ANYTHING DIFFERENT IN
TERMS OF PROTOCOLS YOU ARE
SUGGESTING
SUGGESTING FOR
TERMS OF PROTOCOLS YOU ARE
SUGGESTING FOR OUR
SUGGESTING FOR OUR EMPLOYEES
DURING
DURING THIS
SUGGESTING FOR OUR EMPLOYEES
DURING THIS VERY
DURING THIS VERY INFECTIOUS
SEASON.
>>
>> YEAH,
>> YEAH, IT'S
>> YEAH, IT'S GREAT
>> YEAH, IT'S GREAT QUESTION,
CHAIR
CHAIR PATTERSON,
>> YEAH, IT'S GREAT QUESTION,
CHAIR PATTERSON, AND
CHAIR PATTERSON, AND ONE
>> YEAH, IT'S GREAT QUESTION,
CHAIR PATTERSON, AND ONE THAT
IS
IS TOP
CHAIR PATTERSON, AND ONE THAT
IS TOP OF
IS TOP OF MIND
CHAIR PATTERSON, AND ONE THAT
IS TOP OF MIND FOR
IS TOP OF MIND FOR ALL
CHAIR PATTERSON, AND ONE THAT
IS TOP OF MIND FOR ALL OF
IS TOP OF MIND FOR ALL OF US
CHAIR PATTERSON, AND ONE THAT
IS TOP OF MIND FOR ALL OF US AS
WE
WE GET
IS TOP OF MIND FOR ALL OF US AS
WE GET NEW
WE GET NEW UNCERTAINTIES
IS TOP OF MIND FOR ALL OF US AS
WE GET NEW UNCERTAINTIES AND
VARIANCE.
OUR
OUR CASE
VARIANCE.
OUR CASE COUNT
OUR CASE COUNT IS
VARIANCE.
OUR CASE COUNT IS UP
OUR CASE COUNT IS UP AND
VARIANCE.
OUR CASE COUNT IS UP AND WITH
MY
MY LAST
OUR CASE COUNT IS UP AND WITH
MY LAST REPORT
MY LAST REPORT MOST
OUR CASE COUNT IS UP AND WITH
MY LAST REPORT MOST IF
MY LAST REPORT MOST IF NOT
OUR CASE COUNT IS UP AND WITH
MY LAST REPORT MOST IF NOT ALL
OF
OF THOSE
MY LAST REPORT MOST IF NOT ALL
OF THOSE HAVE
OF THOSE HAVE BEEN
MY LAST REPORT MOST IF NOT ALL
OF THOSE HAVE BEEN OUTSIDE
CONTACTS.
I
I WOULD
CONTACTS.
I WOULD SAY
I WOULD SAY WE
CONTACTS.
I WOULD SAY WE HAVE
I WOULD SAY WE HAVE SEEN
CONTACTS.
I WOULD SAY WE HAVE SEEN CASES
IN
IN BOTH
I WOULD SAY WE HAVE SEEN CASES
IN BOTH OF
IN BOTH OF THOSE
I WOULD SAY WE HAVE SEEN CASES
IN BOTH OF THOSE THAT
IN BOTH OF THOSE THAT ARE
TELEWORKING,
TELEWORKING, AS
IN BOTH OF THOSE THAT ARE
TELEWORKING, AS WELL
TELEWORKING, AS WELL AS
IN BOTH OF THOSE THAT ARE
TELEWORKING, AS WELL AS THOSE
THAT
THAT ARE
TELEWORKING, AS WELL AS THOSE
THAT ARE COMING
THAT ARE COMING TO
THAT ARE COMING TO WORK.
THE
THE CHALLENGE,
THAT ARE COMING TO WORK.
THE CHALLENGE, OF
THE CHALLENGE, OF COURSE,
FATIGUE
FATIGUE WITH
THE CHALLENGE, OF COURSE,
FATIGUE WITH COVID
FATIGUE WITH COVID AND
PROTOCOLS
PROTOCOLS AT
FATIGUE WITH COVID AND
PROTOCOLS AT THIS
PROTOCOLS AT THIS POINT
FATIGUE WITH COVID AND
PROTOCOLS AT THIS POINT GOING
INTO
INTO YOUR
PROTOCOLS AT THIS POINT GOING
INTO YOUR 2
INTO YOUR 2 WHEN
PROTOCOLS AT THIS POINT GOING
INTO YOUR 2 WHEN EVERYONE
INTO YOUR 2 WHEN EVERYONE HAS
HAD
HAD IT
INTO YOUR 2 WHEN EVERYONE HAS
HAD IT WITH
HAD IT WITH THE
INTO YOUR 2 WHEN EVERYONE HAS
HAD IT WITH THE MASK
HAD IT WITH THE MASK AND
INTO YOUR 2 WHEN EVERYONE HAS
HAD IT WITH THE MASK AND IT'S
HARD
HARD TO
HAD IT WITH THE MASK AND IT'S
HARD TO REMEMBER
HARD TO REMEMBER SOCIAL
DISTANCING
DISTANCING WHEN
HARD TO REMEMBER SOCIAL
DISTANCING WHEN YOU
DISTANCING WHEN YOU HAVE
HARD TO REMEMBER SOCIAL
DISTANCING WHEN YOU HAVE AN
SEEN
SEEN ANYONE
DISTANCING WHEN YOU HAVE AN
SEEN ANYONE IN
SEEN ANYONE IN A
SEEN ANYONE IN A WHILE.
ALSO,
ALSO, FOR
SEEN ANYONE IN A WHILE.
ALSO, FOR CUSTOMERS
ALSO, FOR CUSTOMERS IN
PARTICULAR
PARTICULAR,
ALSO, FOR CUSTOMERS IN
PARTICULAR, FIRST
PARTICULAR, FIRST OF
ALSO, FOR CUSTOMERS IN
PARTICULAR, FIRST OF ALL
EMPLOYEES
EMPLOYEES THAT
PARTICULAR, FIRST OF ALL
EMPLOYEES THAT ARE
EMPLOYEES THAT ARE STILL
REQUIRED
REQUIRED TO
EMPLOYEES THAT ARE STILL
REQUIRED TO COME
REQUIRED TO COME TO
EMPLOYEES THAT ARE STILL
REQUIRED TO COME TO THE
BUILDING
BUILDING OR
REQUIRED TO COME TO THE
BUILDING OR DO
BUILDING OR DO THEIR
REQUIRED TO COME TO THE
BUILDING OR DO THEIR WORK
BUILDING OR DO THEIR WORK IN
THE
THE FIELD,
BUILDING OR DO THEIR WORK IN
THE FIELD, WE
THE FIELD, WE ARE,
BUILDING OR DO THEIR WORK IN
THE FIELD, WE ARE, OF
THE FIELD, WE ARE, OF COURSE,
MAKING
MAKING AVAILABLE
THE FIELD, WE ARE, OF COURSE,
MAKING AVAILABLE OPPORTUNITIES
FOR
FOR DIFFERENT
MAKING AVAILABLE OPPORTUNITIES
FOR DIFFERENT FACE
FOR DIFFERENT FACE COVERINGS
MAKING AVAILABLE OPPORTUNITIES
FOR DIFFERENT FACE COVERINGS IF
THEY
THEY FEEL
FOR DIFFERENT FACE COVERINGS IF
THEY FEEL THEY
THEY FEEL THEY NEED
FOR DIFFERENT FACE COVERINGS IF
THEY FEEL THEY NEED AN
THEY FEEL THEY NEED AN ADDED
LAYER
LAYER OF
LAYER OF PROTECTION.
IN
IN PARTICULAR,
LAYER OF PROTECTION.
IN PARTICULAR, THOSE
IN PARTICULAR, THOSE THAT
LAYER OF PROTECTION.
IN PARTICULAR, THOSE THAT MAY
HAVE
HAVE TO
IN PARTICULAR, THOSE THAT MAY
HAVE TO COME
HAVE TO COME IN
IN PARTICULAR, THOSE THAT MAY
HAVE TO COME IN CLOSER
HAVE TO COME IN CLOSER CONTACT
WITH
WITH CUSTOMERS
HAVE TO COME IN CLOSER CONTACT
WITH CUSTOMERS OR
WITH CUSTOMERS OR OTHER
EMPLOYEES.
THAT
THAT IS
EMPLOYEES.
THAT IS AN
THAT IS AN AREA
EMPLOYEES.
THAT IS AN AREA WE
THAT IS AN AREA WE ARE
EMPLOYEES.
THAT IS AN AREA WE ARE LOOKING
AT
AT WE
THAT IS AN AREA WE ARE LOOKING
AT WE ARE
AT WE ARE FOCUSED
THAT IS AN AREA WE ARE LOOKING
AT WE ARE FOCUSED ON
AT WE ARE FOCUSED ON SUPPORTING
THOSE
THOSE THAT
AT WE ARE FOCUSED ON SUPPORTING
THOSE THAT COME
THOSE THAT COME TO
AT WE ARE FOCUSED ON SUPPORTING
THOSE THAT COME TO THE
THOSE THAT COME TO THE PHYSICAL
SIGHT,
SIGHT, COME
THOSE THAT COME TO THE PHYSICAL
SIGHT, COME TO
SIGHT, COME TO THE
THOSE THAT COME TO THE PHYSICAL
SIGHT, COME TO THE BUILDING
SIGHT, COME TO THE BUILDING AS
OPPOSED
OPPOSED TO
SIGHT, COME TO THE BUILDING AS
OPPOSED TO DOING
OPPOSED TO DOING THEIR
SIGHT, COME TO THE BUILDING AS
OPPOSED TO DOING THEIR WORK
REMOTELY.
IT'S
IT'S KIND
REMOTELY.
IT'S KIND OF
IT'S KIND OF MORE
REMOTELY.
IT'S KIND OF MORE OF
IT'S KIND OF MORE OF THE
IT'S KIND OF MORE OF THE SAME.
I'M
I'M SURE
IT'S KIND OF MORE OF THE SAME.
I'M SURE EVERYBODY
I'M SURE EVERYBODY IS
IT'S KIND OF MORE OF THE SAME.
I'M SURE EVERYBODY IS TIRED
I'M SURE EVERYBODY IS TIRED OF
HEARING
HEARING US
I'M SURE EVERYBODY IS TIRED OF
HEARING US TALK
HEARING US TALK ABOUT
I'M SURE EVERYBODY IS TIRED OF
HEARING US TALK ABOUT WASHING
YOUR
YOUR HANDS,
HEARING US TALK ABOUT WASHING
YOUR HANDS, STAYING
YOUR HANDS, STAYING 6
HEARING US TALK ABOUT WASHING
YOUR HANDS, STAYING 6 FEET
APART,
APART, BUT
YOUR HANDS, STAYING 6 FEET
APART, BUT THAT
APART, BUT THAT REALLY
YOUR HANDS, STAYING 6 FEET
APART, BUT THAT REALLY IS
APART, BUT THAT REALLY IS AMONG
THE
THE BEST
APART, BUT THAT REALLY IS AMONG
THE BEST PREVENTATIVE
THE BEST PREVENTATIVE MEASURES.
SO,
SO, THAT
THE BEST PREVENTATIVE MEASURES.
SO, THAT COUPLED
SO, THAT COUPLED WITH
THE BEST PREVENTATIVE MEASURES.
SO, THAT COUPLED WITH GETTING
VACCINATED
VACCINATED AND
SO, THAT COUPLED WITH GETTING
VACCINATED AND MAKING
VACCINATED AND MAKING SURE
SO, THAT COUPLED WITH GETTING
VACCINATED AND MAKING SURE THEY
HAVE
HAVE A
VACCINATED AND MAKING SURE THEY
HAVE A FRESH
HAVE A FRESH FACE
VACCINATED AND MAKING SURE THEY
HAVE A FRESH FACE COVERING
HAVE A FRESH FACE COVERING IF
NEEDED.HAT'S
NEEDED.HAT'S WHERE
HAVE A FRESH FACE COVERING IF
NEEDED.HAT'S WHERE THE
NEEDED.HAT'S WHERE THE FOCUS
WILL
WILL BE
NEEDED.HAT'S WHERE THE FOCUS
WILL BE COMING
WILL BE COMING FROM.
>>
>> THANKS.Y
>> THANKS.Y WIFE'S
NOTIFICATION
NOTIFICATION SYSTEM
>> THANKS.Y WIFE'S
NOTIFICATION SYSTEM ON
NOTIFICATION SYSTEM ON HER
PHONE
PHONE WENT
PHONE WENT OFF.
THE
THE FIRST
PHONE WENT OFF.
THE FIRST TIME
THE FIRST TIME SINCE
PHONE WENT OFF.
THE FIRST TIME SINCE SHE
INSTALLED
INSTALLED IT,
THE FIRST TIME SINCE SHE
INSTALLED IT, AND
INSTALLED IT, AND MINE
INSTALLED IT, AND MINE DIDN'T.
SO,
SO, SHE
INSTALLED IT, AND MINE DIDN'T.
SO, SHE WAS
SO, SHE WAS SOMEPLACE
INSTALLED IT, AND MINE DIDN'T.
SO, SHE WAS SOMEPLACE WHERE
THERE
THERE WAS
SO, SHE WAS SOMEPLACE WHERE
THERE WAS SOMEONE
THERE WAS SOMEONE WHO
SO, SHE WAS SOMEPLACE WHERE
THERE WAS SOMEONE WHO WAS
REPORTED
REPORTED WITH
THERE WAS SOMEONE WHO WAS
REPORTED WITH COVID
REPORTED WITH COVID THAT
THERE WAS SOMEONE WHO WAS
REPORTED WITH COVID THAT I
WASN'T.
JUST
JUST SORT
WASN'T.
JUST SORT OF
JUST SORT OF INTERESTING
WASN'T.
JUST SORT OF INTERESTING AND
JUST SORT OF INTERESTING AND A
SIGN
SIGN OF
JUST SORT OF INTERESTING AND A
SIGN OF THE
SIGN OF THE TIMES
JUST SORT OF INTERESTING AND A
SIGN OF THE TIMES THERE'S
SIGN OF THE TIMES THERE'S JUST
SO
SO MUCH
SIGN OF THE TIMES THERE'S JUST
SO MUCH OUT
SO MUCH OUT THERE
SIGN OF THE TIMES THERE'S JUST
SO MUCH OUT THERE THAT
SO MUCH OUT THERE THAT PEOPLE
NEED
NEED TO
SO MUCH OUT THERE THAT PEOPLE
NEED TO BE
NEED TO BE CAREFUL.
THAT'S
THAT'S ALL
NEED TO BE CAREFUL.
THAT'S ALL I
THAT'S ALL I CAN
THAT'S ALL I CAN SAY.
THANKS
THANKS FOR
THAT'S ALL I CAN SAY.
THANKS FOR THE
THANKS FOR THE UPDATE.
APPRECIATE
APPRECIATE THAT.
>>
>> OF
>> OF COURSE.
>>
>> NEXT
>> NEXT ITEM
>> NEXT ITEM I
>> NEXT ITEM I WILL
>> NEXT ITEM I WILL TURN
SOMETIME
SOMETIME OVER
>> NEXT ITEM I WILL TURN
SOMETIME OVER TO
SOMETIME OVER TO SUPERINTENDENT
SCOTT
SCOTT DEWHIRST
SOMETIME OVER TO SUPERINTENDENT
SCOTT DEWHIRST AND
SCOTT DEWHIRST AND THE
SCOTT DEWHIRST AND THE TEAM.
>>
>> OKAY,
>> OKAY, GOOD
>> OKAY, GOOD AFTERNOON,
>> OKAY, GOOD AFTERNOON, CHAIR
PATTERSON,
PATTERSON, AND
>> OKAY, GOOD AFTERNOON, CHAIR
PATTERSON, AND MEMBERS
PATTERSON, AND MEMBERS OF
>> OKAY, GOOD AFTERNOON, CHAIR
PATTERSON, AND MEMBERS OF THE
PUBLIC
PUBLIC UTILITY
PUBLIC UTILITY BOARD.
GOOD
GOOD TO
PUBLIC UTILITY BOARD.
GOOD TO SEE
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
I
I WISH
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
I WISH WE
I WISH WE WERE
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
I WISH WE WERE UPSTAIRS,
I WISH WE WERE UPSTAIRS, BUT
THAT'S
THAT'S NOT
I WISH WE WERE UPSTAIRS, BUT
THAT'S NOT THE
THAT'S NOT THE CASE
I WISH WE WERE UPSTAIRS, BUT
THAT'S NOT THE CASE RIGHT
THAT'S NOT THE CASE RIGHT NOW.
WANTED
WANTED TO
THAT'S NOT THE CASE RIGHT NOW.
WANTED TO HAVE
WANTED TO HAVE THE
THAT'S NOT THE CASE RIGHT NOW.
WANTED TO HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY
TODAY
TODAY TO
WANTED TO HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY
TODAY TO UPDATE
TODAY TO UPDATE YOU
WANTED TO HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY
TODAY TO UPDATE YOU ON
TODAY TO UPDATE YOU ON A
WANTED TO HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY
TODAY TO UPDATE YOU ON A COUPLE
OF
OF THINGS
TODAY TO UPDATE YOU ON A COUPLE
OF THINGS WE
OF THINGS WE ARE
TODAY TO UPDATE YOU ON A COUPLE
OF THINGS WE ARE WORKING
OF THINGS WE ARE WORKING ON
SOME,
SOME, SO
OF THINGS WE ARE WORKING ON
SOME, SO PROUD
SOME, SO PROUD TO
OF THINGS WE ARE WORKING ON
SOME, SO PROUD TO BE
SOME, SO PROUD TO BE HERE
OF THINGS WE ARE WORKING ON
SOME, SO PROUD TO BE HERE TO
SHARE
SHARE SOME
SOME, SO PROUD TO BE HERE TO
SHARE SOME THINGS
SHARE SOME THINGS WITH
SHARE SOME THINGS WITH YOU.
WE
WE WERE
SHARE SOME THINGS WITH YOU.
WE WERE IN
WE WERE IN LT
SHARE SOME THINGS WITH YOU.
WE WERE IN LT AT
WE WERE IN LT AT ONE
WE WERE IN LT AT ONE POINT.
WE
WE ARE
WE WERE IN LT AT ONE POINT.
WE ARE REQUESTING
WE ARE REQUESTING SOME
APPROPRIATION
APPROPRIATION TO
WE ARE REQUESTING SOME
APPROPRIATION TO DO
APPROPRIATION TO DO A
WE ARE REQUESTING SOME
APPROPRIATION TO DO A STUDY
APPROPRIATION TO DO A STUDY AND
WE
WE WANT
APPROPRIATION TO DO A STUDY AND
WE WANT TO
WE WANT TO UPDATE
APPROPRIATION TO DO A STUDY AND
WE WANT TO UPDATE YOU
WE WANT TO UPDATE YOU ON
APPROPRIATION TO DO A STUDY AND
WE WANT TO UPDATE YOU ON WHERE
THAT
THAT PROJECT
WE WANT TO UPDATE YOU ON WHERE
THAT PROJECT NOW
THAT PROJECT NOW STANDS.
WE
WE ARE
THAT PROJECT NOW STANDS.
WE ARE GOING
WE ARE GOING TO
THAT PROJECT NOW STANDS.
WE ARE GOING TO BE
WE ARE GOING TO BE MOVING
THAT PROJECT NOW STANDS.
WE ARE GOING TO BE MOVING TO
IMPLANTATION,
IMPLANTATION, SO
WE ARE GOING TO BE MOVING TO
IMPLANTATION, SO I'VE
IMPLANTATION, SO I'VE GOT
WE ARE GOING TO BE MOVING TO
IMPLANTATION, SO I'VE GOT A
COUPLE
COUPLE OF
IMPLANTATION, SO I'VE GOT A
COUPLE OF FOLKS
COUPLE OF FOLKS HERE
IMPLANTATION, SO I'VE GOT A
COUPLE OF FOLKS HERE TO
COUPLE OF FOLKS HERE TO SHARE
SOME
SOME INFORMATION
COUPLE OF FOLKS HERE TO SHARE
SOME INFORMATION WITH
SOME INFORMATION WITH YOU.
MICHAEL
MICHAEL WALKED
SOME INFORMATION WITH YOU.
MICHAEL WALKED JEN,
MICHAEL WALKED JEN, WHO
SOME INFORMATION WITH YOU.
MICHAEL WALKED JEN, WHO WE
MICHAEL WALKED JEN, WHO WE MET
LAST
LAST TIME,
MICHAEL WALKED JEN, WHO WE MET
LAST TIME, KICKED
LAST TIME, KICKED OFF
MICHAEL WALKED JEN, WHO WE MET
LAST TIME, KICKED OFF THE
PRESENTATION
PRESENTATION LAST
LAST TIME, KICKED OFF THE
PRESENTATION LAST TIME
PRESENTATION LAST TIME AND
TALKED
TALKED ABOUT
PRESENTATION LAST TIME AND
TALKED ABOUT THAT
TALKED ABOUT THAT .
PRESENTATION LAST TIME AND
TALKED ABOUT THAT . AND
TALKED ABOUT THAT . AND ALLIE
PULLED
PULLED TO
TALKED ABOUT THAT . AND ALLIE
PULLED TO COME
PULLED TO COME YOU
TALKED ABOUT THAT . AND ALLIE
PULLED TO COME YOU SAW
PULLED TO COME YOU SAW ALLIE
TALKED ABOUT THAT . AND ALLIE
PULLED TO COME YOU SAW ALLIE A
FEW
FEW TIMES
PULLED TO COME YOU SAW ALLIE A
FEW TIMES AS
FEW TIMES AS WELL.
WITH
WITH THAT,
FEW TIMES AS WELL.
WITH THAT, I
WITH THAT, I WILL
FEW TIMES AS WELL.
WITH THAT, I WILL TURN
WITH THAT, I WILL TURN SOMETIME
OVER
OVER TO
WITH THAT, I WILL TURN SOMETIME
OVER TO MICHAEL
OVER TO MICHAEL AND
OVER TO MICHAEL AND ALLIE.
I
I GUESS,
OVER TO MICHAEL AND ALLIE.
I GUESS, MICHAEL,
I GUESS, MICHAEL, YOU
OVER TO MICHAEL AND ALLIE.
I GUESS, MICHAEL, YOU ARE
I GUESS, MICHAEL, YOU ARE UP
FIRST.
>>
>> GOOD
>> GOOD AFTERNOON,
>> GOOD AFTERNOON, CHAIR
PATTERSON,
PATTERSON, MEMBERS
>> GOOD AFTERNOON, CHAIR
PATTERSON, MEMBERS OF
PATTERSON, MEMBERS OF THE
UTILITY
UTILITY BOARD
UTILITY BOARD HERE.
I'M
I'M GOING
UTILITY BOARD HERE.
I'M GOING TO
I'M GOING TO TRY
UTILITY BOARD HERE.
I'M GOING TO TRY TO
I'M GOING TO TRY TO SHARE
UTILITY BOARD HERE.
I'M GOING TO TRY TO SHARE MY
SCREEN
SCREEN HERE.
APOLOGIZE,
APOLOGIZE, I
SCREEN HERE.
APOLOGIZE, I HAVEN'T
APOLOGIZE, I HAVEN'T BEEN
INFORMING
INFORMING A
INFORMING A WHILE.
CAN
CAN YOU
INFORMING A WHILE.
CAN YOU SEE
CAN YOU SEE MY
CAN YOU SEE MY SCREEN?
GOT
GOT IT,
GOT IT, PERFECT.
WELL,
WELL, GOOD
GOT IT, PERFECT.
WELL, GOOD AFTERNOON
WELL, GOOD AFTERNOON AND
GOT IT, PERFECT.
WELL, GOOD AFTERNOON AND I
WELL, GOOD AFTERNOON AND I JUST
WANT
WANT TO
WELL, GOOD AFTERNOON AND I JUST
WANT TO SAY
WANT TO SAY THIS
WELL, GOOD AFTERNOON AND I JUST
WANT TO SAY THIS HAS
WANT TO SAY THIS HAS BEEN
WELL, GOOD AFTERNOON AND I JUST
WANT TO SAY THIS HAS BEEN A
WONDERFUL
WONDERFUL PROJECT
WANT TO SAY THIS HAS BEEN A
WONDERFUL PROJECT TO
WONDERFUL PROJECT TO UNDERTAKE
HERE.
I
I WANT
HERE.
I WANT TO
I WANT TO START
HERE.
I WANT TO START OFF
I WANT TO START OFF WITH
HERE.
I WANT TO START OFF WITH A
LITTLE
LITTLE BIT
I WANT TO START OFF WITH A
LITTLE BIT OF
LITTLE BIT OF BACKGROUND
BECAUSE
BECAUSE IT'S
LITTLE BIT OF BACKGROUND
BECAUSE IT'S BEEN
BECAUSE IT'S BEEN A
BECAUSE IT'S BEEN A WHILE.
IT'S
IT'S BEEN
BECAUSE IT'S BEEN A WHILE.
IT'S BEEN ALMOST
IT'S BEEN ALMOST 2
BECAUSE IT'S BEEN A WHILE.
IT'S BEEN ALMOST 2 YEARS
IT'S BEEN ALMOST 2 YEARS SINCE
WE
WE WERE
IT'S BEEN ALMOST 2 YEARS SINCE
WE WERE IN
WE WERE IN LT
IT'S BEEN ALMOST 2 YEARS SINCE
WE WERE IN LT 2,
WE WERE IN LT 2, SO
IT'S BEEN ALMOST 2 YEARS SINCE
WE WERE IN LT 2, SO I
WE WERE IN LT 2, SO I THINK
IT'S
IT'S IMPORTANT
WE WERE IN LT 2, SO I THINK
IT'S IMPORTANT TO
IT'S IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND
THE
THE REASON
IT'S IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND
THE REASON WHY
THE REASON WHY WE
IT'S IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND
THE REASON WHY WE ARE
THE REASON WHY WE AREAT
IT'S IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND
THE REASON WHY WE AREAT THIS
POINT
POINT FOR
THE REASON WHY WE AREAT THIS
POINT FOR THIS
POINT FOR THIS PROJECT
POINT FOR THIS PROJECT .
WE'LL
WE'LL TALK
POINT FOR THIS PROJECT .
WE'LL TALK ABOUT
WE'LL TALK ABOUT THE
POINT FOR THIS PROJECT .
WE'LL TALK ABOUT THE PROBLEM
WE'LL TALK ABOUT THE PROBLEM.
LET
LET ME
WE'LL TALK ABOUT THE PROBLEM.
LET ME GO
LET ME GO TO
WE'LL TALK ABOUT THE PROBLEM.
LET ME GO TO THE
LET ME GO TO THE NEXT
WE'LL TALK ABOUT THE PROBLEM.
LET ME GO TO THE NEXT SLIDE
HERE.
TALK
TALK ABOUT
HERE.
TALK ABOUT THE
TALK ABOUT THE PROBLEM
HERE.
TALK ABOUT THE PROBLEM AND
TALK ABOUT THE PROBLEM AND THE
REGULATORY
REGULATORY DRIVERS
TALK ABOUT THE PROBLEM AND THE
REGULATORY DRIVERS BEHIND
REGULATORY DRIVERS BEHIND THAT.
AND
AND THEN
REGULATORY DRIVERS BEHIND THAT.
AND THEN REALLY
AND THEN REALLY THERE'S
REGULATORY DRIVERS BEHIND THAT.
AND THEN REALLY THERE'S BEEN
AND THEN REALLY THERE'S BEEN A
COUPLE
COUPLE OF
AND THEN REALLY THERE'S BEEN A
COUPLE OF KEY
COUPLE OF KEY DELIVERABLES
AND THEN REALLY THERE'S BEEN A
COUPLE OF KEY DELIVERABLES THAT
HAVE
HAVE BEEN
COUPLE OF KEY DELIVERABLES THAT
HAVE BEEN OUT
HAVE BEEN OUT OF
COUPLE OF KEY DELIVERABLES THAT
HAVE BEEN OUT OF THIS
HAVE BEEN OUT OF THIS PROJECT
SO
SO FAR.
WE
WE WILL
SO FAR.
WE WILL TALK
WE WILL TALK ABOUT
SO FAR.
WE WILL TALK ABOUT THOSE
WE WILL TALK ABOUT THOSE AS
WELL.
AND
AND THEN
WELL.
AND THEN LASTLY,
AND THEN LASTLY, FOR
WELL.
AND THEN LASTLY, FOR REALLY
AND THEN LASTLY, FOR REALLY THE
NEXT